why is this so boring ?	0
very valuable film	1
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	1
nearly terminal case	0
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	0
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb	1
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	1
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor	1
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
is no doubt true	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy	0
sour little movie	0
inconsistent , dishonest	0
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
the right choice	1
engage children	1
making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
choppy and sloppy affair	0
time frame right	1
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
biographical fantasia	1
to produce another smash	1
collapses under its own meager weight	0
fresh , unforced naturalism	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes	1
a sudden turn and devolves	0
chance to find love in the most unlikely place	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and	0
terrific story	1
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
will be two hours gained	0
with depth	1
twinkling	1
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
rugrats	1
of the tooth and claw of human power	1
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	1
our infantilized culture	0
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,	0
a fascinating documentary	1
a gloriously goofy way	1
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time	1
love the robust middle of this picture	1
the film is a hilarious adventure	1
the worst titles	0
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
cool event	1
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
assumes you are n't very bright	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking	1
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
tender movements	1
a failure of storytelling	0
thoughtful what-if	1
that makes the formula fresh again	1
i saw it as a young boy	1
lovely film	1
to find the small , human moments	1
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
a distinctly minor effort	0
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
as telling a country skunk	0
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
fascinate me	1
fan to appreciate scratch	1
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
it will be well worth your time .	1
gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
, eastwood is off his game	0
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself	1
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama	1
rewarding	1
consider a dvd rental instead	0
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought	1
with considerable wit	1
most amazing	1
for its intelligence and intensity	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ,	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
long , dull procession	0
wanders	0
moving portrait	1
a smart , nuanced look	1
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	1
good romance	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	1
embodies the transformation of his character completely .	1
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with	1
are more involving than this mess	0
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact )	0
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence	1
makes a great impression	1
tackles more than she can handle .	0
with amazing finesse	1
its excellent storytelling , its economical	1
wasted minutes of sandler	0
savvy street activism	1
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
plot and pornographic way	0
shambles	0
discloses almost nothing	0
hard , cold effect	0
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
fumbled	0
terrible events	0
very well	1
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
the pretensions -- and disposable story --	0
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo	0
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
very good viewing alternative	1
fast and funny ,	1
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun	0
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance	1
remarkable serenity and discipline	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary	1
suffered	0
compelling and	1
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
for deft punctuation	1
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
a coming-of-age tale	1
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
is nicely shot	1
dicaprio 's best performance	1
provide insight	1
disingenuous ,	0
watch , giggle	1
are universal and involving	1
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	0
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
with serious ideas	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago ,	0
guilt-free trip	1
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp	1
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	1
some powerful people	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue	0
dumb and derivative horror	0
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
feels uncomfortably real	1
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
really , really stupid	0
phoney-feeling	0
human drama	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and	0
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair	0
-- and not in a good way	0
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot	0
impossible	0
immersive	1
you can actually feel good	1
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway	1
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
takes its central idea way too seriously	0
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
the sum of its pretensions	0
never gets off the ground .	0
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture	1
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess	0
of awe	1
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson	1
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message	1
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	0
a classic genre	1
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
that did not figure out a coherent game	0
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change	1
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	1
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
luckiest	1
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	0
poignant and funny	1
sabotage	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies	1
not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd	0
is visually ravishing ,	1
i fear	0
an impressive job	1
tale	1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for --	0
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
something different	1
brussels	1
spectacularly beautiful	1
lightweight female empowerment	0
is so often less	0
of a good cast	1
a splash even greater	1
its story	1
false	0
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
the book 's irreverent energy	1
generous , inspiring	1
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
is mesmerizing	1
very good time	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces	0
educational !	1
love	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and	1
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
dense , exhilarating documentary .	1
to keep it interested	1
because it 's lousy	0
one senses	1
maintaining a light touch	1
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
ill-considered	0
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
are too crude to serve the work especially well	0
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed	0
these characters become wearisome .	0
goodies	1
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
sparkling beauty	1
their shallow styles	0
exceptionally charming	1
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	0
has no real point	0
scenery , vibe	1
torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
, stupid and pointless	0
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
see the it	1
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	0
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	0
is top-notch	1
bad name	0
no real point	0
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
darkly funny and frequently insightful	1
the last days	0
this movie 's lack of ideas	0
surprisingly idealistic	1
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	1
veers like a drunken driver	0
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump	0
unimaginatively	0
` triumph '	1
the power of shanghai ghetto	1
object lesson	1
stiff and	0
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
like to ride bikes	1
of joyful solo performance	1
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags	1
fascinating connections	1
adult world	1
enhanced	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist	1
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie .	0
admire ...	1
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow	0
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire	1
too little	0
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
dramatic , funny and poignant	1
more complete than indecent proposal	1
will ever be anything more than losers	0
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue	0
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
surprisingly uninvolving	0
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
there 's no real sense of suspense	0
, virulent and foul-natured	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,	0
suited	1
is nearly incoherent ,	0
a family-oriented non-disney film	1
entertaining film	1
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .	1
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	0
uncle ralph	1
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
immersed	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
cranked out on an assembly line	0
wanting more answers as the credits	0
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and	0
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	0
most excruciating 86 minutes	0
an mtv , sugar hysteria ,	0
argentinian thriller	1
drudgery	0
fatal ailments	0
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	0
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
genuine mind-bender .	1
roars with leonine power	1
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
rewarded	1
lost .	0
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	0
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
best actors	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	0
does n't completely	0
a sweet and modest and	1
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	0
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
too much exploitation	0
flat champagne	0
one hollywood cliche	0
gussied up	1
a film you will never forget	1
effective enough	1
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	1
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece	1
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
consummate	1
squanders chan 's uniqueness	0
makes it worth the trip to the theater	1
smartly written motion picture	1
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	1
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
star-studded	1
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	0
shapeless and	0
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	0
blazingly	1
visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,	1
something really good	1
it 's just not very smart .	0
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as	0
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment	1
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	0
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	1
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
bold biographical fantasia	1
serious subject matter and	1
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong	1
break	0
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident	0
a full-frontal attack on audience patience	0
both leads are up to the task	1
, especially with the weak payoff	0
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
increasingly important film industry	1
the performers are so spot on	1
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and	0
the capable cast	1
asian neo-realist treasure .	1
i have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have	1
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
is warm , inviting , and surprising	1
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
sickeningly savage	0
this elegant entertainment	1
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
his body	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,	1
carries it to unexpected heights	1
embodies the transformation of his character	1
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and	0
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
the problem with all of this	0
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	0
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
wonderfully sprawling soap opera	1
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
at the expense of character	0
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
wannabe comedy	0
will love its fantasy and adventure	1
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
fascinating , bombshell documentary	1
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history	1
i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
often imaginative	1
inescapably gorgeous ,	1
it feels more forced than usual .	0
pushes its agenda too forcefully	0
does n't reach them	0
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
choppy , surface-effect feeling	0
does display greatness	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
as good a job as anyone	1
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	1
lose	0
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story	0
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	1
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
good film	1
these women are spectacular	1
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered	0
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
is a convincing one ,	1
act weird	0
of that moral favorite	1
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
take us by surprise ...	1
smear	0
overwrought ending	0
-- and timely	1
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned	1
swooping down on a string of exotic locales	1
beautiful , angry and sad ,	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit	1
, satisfying	1
if good-hearted	1
jaw-droppingly beautiful work	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer	1
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
to like	1
its shortness disappoints	0
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
is stiff or just plain bad	0
the message is too blatant	0
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	1
powerful acting clinic	1
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book	0
a delightful surprise	1
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
to enjoy	1
of our best actors	1
the beautiful images and solemn words	1
tug at your heart in ways	1
the slapstick is labored , and	0
a film of freshness , imagination and insight	1
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera	1
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity	1
violent , vulgar and forgettably	0
a tired one	0
incoherence	0
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like	0
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm	0
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama	1
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
loses its fire midway ,	0
coming-of-age theme	1
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	1
the highly predictable narrative falls short	0
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic	0
most breezy movie	1
tardier	0
the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
and narrative strength	1
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	0
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .	0
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity	1
excellent 90-minute film	1
for purposes of bland hollywood romance	0
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
in rapt attention	1
that embraces its old-fashioned themes	1
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
predictable plotting	0
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
a terrific performance	1
a cinematic touchstone	1
the earnestness	1
agonizing	0
realistic , urgent	1
no means a slam-dunk and	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little	0
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod	1
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .	0
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
is the piece works brilliantly	1
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
euphoria	1
insipid	0
seems worth the effort .	1
clever script	1
made a point or two regarding life	1
a riot	1
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report	0
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough	1
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why	1
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
be a breath of fresh air	1
and totally disorientated	0
jovial air	1
grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
a kick	1
highlighted	1
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer	0
graceful dual narrative	1
bouncy	1
with the best of herzog 's works	1
no art	0
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work	0
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
exuberantly	1
good alternative	1
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
the human race splitting in two	0
a bland , surfacey way	0
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
empty head	0
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	0
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
cheap ,	0
shimmeringly lovely	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and	1
a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
into such fresh territory	1
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy	0
intriguing and alluring premise	1
oddly compelling .	1
is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve	0
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	1
serve the work especially well	1
remains the real masterpiece	1
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
some nice twists	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable	1
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	1
the incessant use of cell phones	0
warmth and	1
post-war art world	1
recycled more times	0
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably	1
it 's just too dry and too placid	0
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	0
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is	0
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
dabbles all around	0
you wo n't care	0
farts , boobs	0
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
best war movies	1
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow	0
insightful moments	1
slap-happy	1
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming	0
no special effects , and	0
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods	1
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder	0
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention	0
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	1
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
something to be ` fully experienced '	1
very entertaining	1
eloquence , spiritual challenge	1
captivatingly	1
of anti-semitism ever seen on screen	0
the abyss	0
interesting character	1
mournful	0
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
about death	0
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
a mere plot pawn	0
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
techno-tripe	0
a remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , and	0
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	1
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	0
that it looks neat	1
into how long is this movie ?	0
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this	0
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat	1
is well done	1
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
the price	1
energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle	0
people have lost the ability to think	0
but oddly compelling	1
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	1
a bit of a cheat in the end	0
doofus	0
failed jokes ,	0
a sweet and modest	1
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even	1
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	0
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be	1
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
slack and	0
but very pleasing at its best moments	1
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
has little insight into the historical period and its artists	0
unimpressively	0
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	0
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster	0
more propaganda	0
a fresh and absorbing look	1
put together a bold biographical fantasia	1
impeccable comic timing ,	1
through contrived plot points	0
77 minutes of pokemon	0
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
well-done	1
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length	0
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
a great cast	1
last summer 's bloated effects	0
cast , but never quite gets off the ground	0
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment	1
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	0
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	0
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
fast-paced	1
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,	1
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	0
the lack	0
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
tends to plod	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement	1
delightfully	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself	1
smashing success	1
viewed and treasured	1
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
storytellers	1
appreciates the art	1
astonishingly pivotal	1
routine crime	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma	1
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
's not nearly enough	0
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	1
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand	1
unconcerned	0
has a huge heart	1
appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
a wildly entertaining	1
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons	1
at least one damn fine horror movie	1
and `` terrible	0
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something	0
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
is one big , dumb action movie .	0
inventive ,	1
shoot it in the head	0
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	0
a doa	0
's worth the concentration	1
even witty	1
chilling style	1
sophisticated and surprising	1
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood	1
fairly enjoyable	1
chilling , and affecting study	1
a reader 's digest condensed version	0
very well shot or	1
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	0
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
the death	0
told and retold	0
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
modern masculine journey	1
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other	1
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
ensure that the film is never dull	1
reverent , and subtly different	1
it 's boring	0
as filling as the treat of the title	1
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
one big blustery movie	0
a picaresque view	1
can render it anything but laughable .	0
delight your senses and crash this wedding !	1
wise	1
misanthropy	0
mediocre special effects	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	1
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere	0
a bad , bad , bad movie	0
fairly involving as far as it goes	1
overuse	0
terrifying message	0
graceless and ugly	0
real stars	1
just becomes sad	0
the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
it looks neat	1
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	1
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
for human connection	1
a sugar-coated rocky	0
of effecting change and inspiring hope	1
control-alt-delete simone	0
totally	1
smoky and inviting	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin	0
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
is doa .	0
's worth yet another visit	1
lack contrast ,	0
fluidity and sense	1
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
flat , misguided comedy	0
shallow styles	0
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving	1
a complete waste of time .	0
slickly	1
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary	1
watch the film twice	1
it is an uneven film for the most part	0
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
with considerable aplomb	1
father cliché	0
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
a film -- full of life and small delights --	1
a delicious , quirky movie	1
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ,	1
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory	1
: it 's not scary in the slightest .	0
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
into the nature of faith	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle	0
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	0
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country	0
for a critical and commercial disaster	0
toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
bound to show up at theaters for it	1
( the characters ' ) misery	0
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
lacking any sense of commitment to or	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply	1
of ( woo 's ) best work	1
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
precious than perspicacious	1
cool , composed delivery	1
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration	1
for reverence and a little wit	1
schmucks	0
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	0
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation	0
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep	0
ploddingly sociological commentary	0
irritatingly	0
wonderful life	1
this very compelling tale	1
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life	1
a fascinating character 's story	1
of too much kid-vid	0
ebullient affection	1
is a big time stinker .	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	1
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
why it fails	0
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor	0
notice the 129-minute running time	0
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .	0
not quite	0
... a true delight .	1
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
well worth watching	1
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero	1
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing	1
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
packed with just as much intelligence	1
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
ambiguous ending	0
this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
her good looks	1
human comedy	1
cliche-ridden film	0
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum	0
an astonishingly witless script	0
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
by now intolerable morbidity	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich	1
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive	1
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	0
intellectual and emotional pedigree	1
a high-end john hughes comedy	1
seems timely and important	1
's a love story as sanguine as its title	1
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
a young robert deniro	1
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose	1
beautiful work	1
if you 're willing to have fun with it	1
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	0
admit i walked out of runteldat	0
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	0
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis --	1
intensely romantic ,	1
loved this film .	1
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes	0
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	0
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
endearing .	1
a lovely , sad dance	1
expects something special but	0
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	0
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	0
draws the audience	1
recommend this film more	1
of boring	0
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
a remarkable film	1
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses	0
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels	0
looks elsewhere	0
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful	1
inspiring , ironic ,	1
creates an impeccable sense of place ,	1
does n't have much to say beyond the news	0
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	1
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	0
that perverse element	0
too convenient	0
putrid writing , direction and timing	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
flowery	1
fantasy of a director 's travel	1
utterly painful to watch	0
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart	1
worth your time	1
if you liked the previous movies in the series	1
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
funny , charming and quirky	1
irresistible	1
worshipful	1
lightweight but appealing .	1
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers	0
was particularly funny	1
when the movie ended so damned soon	0
's worth taking the kids to .	1
omits	0
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material	1
certainly was n't feeling any of it	0
one that was hard for me to warm up to	0
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	1
original talent	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''	0
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .	0
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated	1
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
better thriller	1
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	1
irrelevancy	0
for its sheer audacity and openness	1
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	1
juvenile camera movements	0
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
's really just another major league .	0
to keep it from being maudlin	0
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :	1
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization	1
natural affability	1
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
maudlin and cliche-ridden	0
held my interest	1
's plenty to impress about e.t.	1
it 's the worst movie of 2002	0
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,	1
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances	1
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm	0
grating and tedious .	0
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you	0
too silly to take seriously .	0
slack complacency	0
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
to care about	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films	1
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
men of marginal intelligence	0
's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
gates	1
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .	1
a huge disappointment coming ,	0
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
for insights	1
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
's too long and unfocused .	0
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
is so slight	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	1
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once	1
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	0
great scares	1
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising	1
hold dear about cinema ,	1
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
a rare treat	1
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up	1
captive by mediocrity	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect	1
` true story '	1
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,	0
make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	1
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and	1
the film was better than saving private ryan	1
a more mythic level	1
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	0
streamed across its borders	1
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
rage	0
contrived , lame screenplay	0
awful movie	0
treat .	1
profoundly	1
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy	0
a whole lot of nada	0
it 's wasted yours	0
even though i could not stand them	0
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
the film 's intimate camera work	1
believable	1
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
hate yourself	0
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream	1
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	1
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish	1
visually smart	1
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film	1
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay	0
boys '	1
a powerful sequel and one	1
the highest production values you 've ever seen	1
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay	1
perfectly rendered	1
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	1
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	0
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
what ?!?	0
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid	0
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor	0
of spirit	1
adept	1
for a story	1
the worthy successor	1
simple , poignant and leavened with humor	1
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
itself and retreats	0
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations	0
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	0
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	0
greatest adventure	1
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
gets old quickly	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
grandeur ' shots	1
numbing	0
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
perfectly rendered period piece	1
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight ,	0
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
left slightly disappointed that it did n't	0
it had a sense of humor	1
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili	1
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or	0
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	0
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
a collage of clichés and a dim	0
perfectly describes pauline & paulette	1
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	0
through all too painfully	0
noticeable lack	0
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
is amazing ,	1
becomes a bit of a mishmash	0
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality	0
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
exploitation film	0
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand	1
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,	0
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
grant 's two best films	1
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
even sexy	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play	1
an important film	1
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
see the forest for the trees	1
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
a few tasty morsels under your belt	1
splash	1
not good enough	0
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
most watchable film	1
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
drawn-out	0
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
flat and uncreative	0
are becoming irritating	0
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. --	1
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy	0
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed	1
he expresses our most basic emotions	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	0
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
it might have held my attention , but	0
scenic	1
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
the worst films of the summer	0
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
for great cinema	1
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
incapable of controlling his crew	0
the brain	1
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
is often quite rich and exciting	1
screwball ideas	0
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts	0
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
the gross-out comedy	0
a consistent tone	1
excellent performances on its side	1
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
compelling story	1
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	1
dumb and cheesy	0
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;	1
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
crass , contrived sequels	0
dreary and overwrought	0
is somewhat satisfying	1
most intelligent viewers	1
are reflected in almost every scene	1
is virtually unwatchable .	0
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
every indulgent , indie trick	0
most purely enjoyable and satisfying	1
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	0
muting	0
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	1
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances	1
comes far closer than many movies	1
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining	1
taking them	1
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
a life interestingly lived	1
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill	1
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	1
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers	0
that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
trouble	0
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
as bored	0
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them	1
( a ) strong piece of work .	1
a more annoying	0
racial insensitivity	0
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen	1
, comfortable	1
an unseemly pleasure	1
lighter	1
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one	0
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
like real people	1
, tender hug	1
of the worst films of 2002	0
` this movie sucks . '	0
the worst possibilities of mankind	0
career	1
love interest	1
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	0
wildly incompetent	0
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	1
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching	1
accomplishment	1
too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category	0
great premise	1
as a castrated	0
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
's also pretty funny	1
are moments of hilarity to be had .	1
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood	0
a sour taste in one 's mouth	0
simple pleasures	1
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas	1
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
like a good guy	1
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute	1
agreeably startling	1
was a better film	1
that constantly defies expectation	1
long bore .	0
she 's pretty and she can act	1
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
, dramatically satisfying heroine	1
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
bad singer-turned actors	0
funny , sexy	1
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
has merit	1
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals	1
powerful entity	1
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable	0
's not very interesting .	0
whimsical humor	1
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
the cast is top-notch and	1
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless	1
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
outstanding thrillers	1
one of those all-star reunions	1
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya	1
keeps this pretty watchable	1
vivid imagination	1
a big corner office in hell	0
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	1
of director john stockwell	1
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
do you	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment	0
, should n't have been made	0
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot	1
honesty and dignity	1
occasional belly laugh	1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle ,	0
to a dumb story	0
mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action	0
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade	0
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a sharp script and strong performances	1
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	0
grand picture	1
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	1
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care	0
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time	0
a film 's title served such dire warning	0
including a knockout of a closing line )	1
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
the talents of its attractive young leads	1
concrete story	1
that might otherwise separate them	0
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
smart , funny	1
sentimentalizing it	1
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
subtly kinky bedside vigils and	1
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
, painful	0
the astonishingly pivotal role	1
a wish your heart makes	1
makes it worth watching	1
the truly funny bits	1
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	0
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
touching , smart and complicated	1
being forceful , sad without being shrill	1
david and	1
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
to the power of the eccentric and the strange	1
is just a little bit hard to love	0
positively dreadful	0
preachy and clichéd	0
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
has not spawned a single good film	0
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations	1
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	1
insufferably naive	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	0
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato	0
is even remotely new or interesting	0
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
starts out strongly	1
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated	1
blustery movie	0
fit the incredible storyline	1
can not engage .	0
wait for your pay per view dollar	0
wow fans	1
the u.s.	1
captivates	1
the music makes a nice album	1
in the annals of cinema	1
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life	1
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
a too-conscientious adaptation	0
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself	1
creepy crawlies	0
respect	1
fascinating -- and timely -- content	1
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals	1
becomes increasingly implausible as it races	0
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew	0
secondary	0
a lame comedy .	0
funny , moving	1
a movie of riveting power and sadness .	1
another cool crime movie	1
warmth to go around , with music and laughter	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival	1
entertaining and , ultimately ,	1
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise	0
the belly laughs	1
its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
intense experience	1
wide-smiling	1
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications	1
wit and dignity	1
intelligent and	1
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or	0
a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does	1
are infants	0
try to avoid	0
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers	1
inventive ,	1
expected it to be	0
of good actors	1
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work	1
most excruciating 86 minutes one	0
exploitative	0
from squirming in their seats	0
high-adrenaline documentary	1
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
boisterous , heartfelt comedy	1
' hanging over the film	0
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
overladen	0
a fascinating , dark thriller	1
interesting characters	1
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination	0
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	1
the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
is n't particularly funny	0
dark , funny humor	1
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing	1
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy	0
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding	0
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	1
bean drops the ball too many times	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
crack you up	1
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out	1
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
of the most original american productions this year	1
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	0
truly come to care about the main characters	1
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle	1
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea	1
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
mostly undeterminable	0
that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	0
the urbane sweetness	1
quirky characters and an engaging story	1
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
that it 's hardly watchable	0
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
an appealing veneer	1
her subject matter	1
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol	0
clever and insightful	1
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
pristine camerawork	1
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
that there 's really not much of a sense of action	0
most inventive directors	1
clear sense	1
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition	1
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction	0
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
you wo n't be disappointed	1
a fascinating little thriller	1
squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult	1
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
, shrewd , powerful act	1
one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	0
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
, genuine	1
brightly optimistic	1
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
do no wrong with jason x.	1
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
wonderful ensemble cast	1
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
hackneyed	0
, politically charged tapestry	1
accomplishes	1
achieves its main strategic objective :	1
a faulty premise ,	0
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	0
casting excellent latin actors of all ages	1
do n't work in concert .	0
precious little of either	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and	0
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director	1
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
this charming but slight tale	1
business plans	1
it does n't make for great cinema	0
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	1
of its execution and skill of its cast	1
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	1
would have saved this film a world of hurt	0
seem fresh	1
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour	0
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream	1
heart and humor	1
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and	1
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	0
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	1
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?	0
vivid personality	1
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line	0
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait	1
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
retro-refitting exercise	0
in a slap-happy mood	1
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
dead bodies	0
hold up pretty well	1
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
satisfying	1
acting that could be any flatter	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along	0
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito	0
was utterly charming .	1
endear itself	1
who loves both dance and cinema	1
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script	0
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	0
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
at a failure of our justice system	0
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
the wild wild west	1
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
a strong script , powerful direction	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension	0
convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
wonderful on the big screen	1
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	1
got	1
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
consistently sensitive and often exciting	1
nearly incoherent	0
respects the material without sentimentalizing it	1
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,	1
a played-out idea	0
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it	0
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	0
of human frailty fascinates	1
very few laughs and even less surprises	0
laudable	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...	0
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
confront it	1
leaves you giddy	1
foul-natured	0
, will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
insults	0
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style	1
is a mess from start to finish .	0
jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
very very strong	1
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic	1
to break the tedium	0
, i do n't see the point	0
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
real emotional impact	1
is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
hallmark film	1
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	0
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy	0
could be intriguing	1
seeing things from new sides ,	1
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation	0
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin	0
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
is a hoot ,	1
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style	1
past his prime	0
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering	0
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	0
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics	0
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
entertaining tricks	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles	1
dave barry 's popular book	1
is dreary and sluggish .	0
it appears not to have been edited at all	0
supplies with tremendous skill	1
slow and	0
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
has a sense of his audience	1
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
misguided	0
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
seem self-consciously poetic and forced	0
no way original	0
stress ` dumb .	0
whose pieces do not fit	0
spreading	1
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
the waterlogged script	0
take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	0
fresh territory	1
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
is awful .	0
wide-awake all the way	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	1
terribly monotonous	0
high drama , disney-style	1
insomnia	0
cornball sequel	0
brilliantly constructed work	1
, pathetic , starving and untalented	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose	0
you 're in for a painful ride .	0
offers a persuasive	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :	1
'' admirably	1
complaining	0
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but	1
the most resolutely unreligious parents	0
realistic characters	1
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances	1
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull	1
give `` scratch '' a second look	1
, annoying , heavy-handed	0
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort	1
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute	1
the heart and	1
is very difficult	0
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
dumb	0
flick worthy	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search	1
many can aspire but none can equal	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films	1
bad enough	0
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
some movies that hit you from the first scene	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet	0
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
a lot of warmth	1
goes for sick and demented humor simply	0
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based	1
ambitious movie	1
filming the teeming life	1
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
soft-core twaddle	0
frustrating	0
as well its delightful cast --	1
more bizarre than	0
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain	0
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse	0
there is no foundation for it	0
cultural	1
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	0
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
slapdash disaster .	0
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	1
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience	1
yet engrossing piece	1
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
of eager fans	1
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
how admirably	1
is tenderly observant of his characters .	1
humorous	1
that gets under your skin	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade	1
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
silly and crude storyline	0
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
equally miserable film	0
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least	0
so you can get your money back	0
vulgarity , sex scenes	0
thumbs up to paxton	1
with a momentum that never lets up	1
kind , unapologetic	1
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,	1
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and	0
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
would be an abridged edition	0
to cheesier to cheesiest	0
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	1
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
inspired humor	1
no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised	0
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
gracefully	1
sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,	0
simply stupid ,	0
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,	0
honesty and	1
able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles	0
arty and jazzy	1
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
enveloping affection	1
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
the everyday lives	1
is compelling enough	1
starts out	1
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
talented , charismatic and tragically	1
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	0
the film 's lack	0
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
flavorful performances	1
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it	0
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
enough funny	1
brings documentary-like credibility	1
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time	0
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and	1
seem to match the power of their surroundings .	1
they finally feel absolutely earned	1
( and funnier	1
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
compliment	1
feels rigged and sluggish .	0
do n't even like their characters .	0
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame	0
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
see over and over	1
interesting cinematic devices	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you	1
a hypnotic portrait	1
turns out to be affected and boring	0
so pertinent and enduring	1
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
amuse even	1
engagingly	1
as if it were an obligation	0
are both excellent	1
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
bad sound	0
perfect wildean actor	1
a visual spectacle	1
cheapened	0
an unsettling sight	0
believable performances	1
touched	1
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle	0
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it	0
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much	0
the ingenuity	1
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations	0
upscale	1
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs	0
-- thoughtfully written	1
slippery slope	0
the run-of-the-mill singles blender	0
to be bad	0
keep the story compelling	1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling	1
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original	1
than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	1
tedium	0
the exotic world	1
enough clever and unexpected	1
thriller junk .	0
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann	1
a listless climb down the social ladder	0
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
he creates	1
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
brilliant and brutal	1
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
delivers a powerful commentary	1
by mediocrity	0
a tiresome cliché	0
this beautifully drawn movie	1
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher	1
his usual intelligence and subtlety	1
evocative imagery	1
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
holes and completely lacking in chills	0
stale material	0
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
make the film relevant today ,	1
immensely entertaining	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye	1
undeniably moving film	1
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	1
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
of daring films	1
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates	0
of a good movie ye who enter here	1
barney 's	1
afraid of the bad reviews	0
to the dustbin of history	0
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	0
more evil than ever	0
's nothing wrong with that	1
a good guy	1
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture	1
and sometimes dry	0
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own	0
with the best of them	1
what you wish for	1
engaging and exciting	1
most thoughtful films	1
of boring talking heads , etc .	0
mature and	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting	0
blimp	0
no .	0
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	1
heart-warming	1
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	0
few points	0
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
first-rate performances	1
like such a bore	0
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	1
's not a great monster movie .	0
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
, much better .	1
one-dimensional buffoons	0
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
over-dramatic at times	0
narcissistic	0
is still worth hearing .	1
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but	1
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure	0
stifling morality tale	0
give	1
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,	1
mopes	0
somewhat short	0
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	0
obviously desired	1
its leaden acting	0
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie	0
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way	0
that 's both charming and well acted	1
huge-screen	1
like lint in a fat man 's navel	0
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation	0
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
he forgets to make it entertaining	0
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
pompous references	0
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
poignant and funny .	1
as boring	0
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony	0
funnier	1
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly	0
stale and	0
feels draggy	0
cute frissons	1
floating narrative	1
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
the ` are we a sick society	0
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love	1
do n't come off	0
watching it was painful .	0
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	0
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
does pack some serious suspense .	1
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	0
contemptible	0
it 's fun	1
richer and more observant	1
most incoherent	0
home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
a film so cold and dead	0
courageous scottish lady	1
disconcertingly slack	0
disgusting .	0
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
career - kids = misery )	0
creepy atmosphere	0
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute	0
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
current americanized adaptation	1
fast-paced and	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
emphasized	1
was right about blade	1
gathering dust	0
a tragedy	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,	0
corny conventions	0
the writing is clever	1
ken russell would love this .	1
tell you how tedious ,	0
's only in fairy tales	0
the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	0
the year 's best	1
, fine music never heard	1
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	1
as important as humor	1
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
visually	1
smart and dark	1
a great	1
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story	0
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	0
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
the film 's ill-considered notion	0
's worth the concentration .	1
overwhelming waste	0
excellent performances	1
stretches of impact and moments	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
combined with stunning animation .	1
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	0
the most ordinary and obvious fashion	0
certain charm	1
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales	1
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	0
gorgeous	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images	1
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	1
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
it looks like an action movie , but	0
a strong and confident work	1
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline	0
suspense or believable tension	1
cause loads of irreparable damage	0
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	0
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity	1
will have a showdown	1
mind ugly	0
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
exceedingly clever	1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	1
the production details are lavish	1
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	0
brave and	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but	1
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
the action and	1
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
among the many pleasures	1
as a comedy	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
that will enthrall the whole family	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came	1
you laugh	1
completely lacking in chills	0
is a remarkably original work	1
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .	0
riveting and	1
a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it	0
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking	0
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
cute animals	1
experienced	1
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	1
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume	0
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
afghan tragedies	0
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess	0
through ill-conceived action pieces	0
poignant and	1
beyond-lame	0
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
the action and special effects	1
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness	0
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and	1
dreadful romance .	0
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera	1
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
another generic drama	0
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises	1
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police	0
far more impact	1
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
george 's haplessness and	0
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor	1
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
believe that people have lost the ability to think	0
a real audience-pleaser	1
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
deeply affecting film	1
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
cliche-ridden	0
for its originality	1
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
as lame and sophomoric	0
gets vivid performances from her cast and	1
putrid it is not worth	0
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and	1
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
marvelously entertaining and deliriously	1
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
sinks further and further into comedy futility .	0
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle	1
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family	1
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
as it should be	1
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
espn	1
turn it off	0
terrific performances	1
feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact	1
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer	0
had their hearts in the right place .	1
's great cinematic polemic	1
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,	1
's stylishly directed with verve ...	1
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin	1
a plodding mess	0
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic	1
wishy-washy melodramatic movie	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape	1
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach	0
best man ''	1
the emperor 's club any time	1
, barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
the lustrous polished visuals	1
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
is one of the year 's best films .	1
and sublime music	1
sweeping	1
a flourish	1
more accomplished	1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
whatever	0
potent	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
wholesome	1
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream	1
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though	0
too many `` serious issues ''	0
an underdone potato	0
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role	1
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
a really funny movie	1
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
98	1
reading lines from a teleprompter	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and	0
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	0
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
solid job	1
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
disappoint	0
completely creatively stillborn and	0
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously	0
hilariously , gloriously alive	1
a completely honest , open-hearted film	1
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke	1
despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
recent successes	1
shot on digital videotape rather than film	0
cheap , b movie way	0
's that painful .	0
spiritual journey	1
be part of	1
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	0
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
chilly , clinical lab report	0
it 's a masterpiece .	1
dumplings	1
male hip hop fantasy	1
is little else to recommend `` never again .	0
the timeless spectacle	1
a desperate miscalculation	0
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable	0
bolado credit for good intentions	1
of the film 's cheeky charm	1
cuter	1
the most entertaining monster movies	1
started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
cheerfully	1
works well enough	1
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
spiritually	1
feel fresh	1
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
on par with the first one	1
international acclaim	1
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh	1
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
tiresome rant	0
crafty and intelligent	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown !	0
ravishing	1
fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --	0
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
as a piece of storytelling	1
high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
eloquent , deeply felt	1
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
zoom !	1
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly	0
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
smile-button faces	1
unblinkingly pure	1
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
one that should be thrown back in the river	0
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
liked it just enough	1
wide-smiling reception	1
a fascinating curiosity piece	1
bored cage	0
lacks the inspiration of the original	0
pity anyone who sees this	0
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness .	1
dull	0
with intelligence and care	1
as sappy as big daddy	0
estranged from reality	0
at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself	1
the human story is pushed to one side	0
surprisingly shoddy	0
amateurish , quasi-improvised	0
very bright	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	1
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science	0
forgiveness and love	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering	0
does have its charms	1
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	1
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	0
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	0
fare with real thematic heft .	1
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege	0
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness	1
refused to gel	0
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
the most original	1
liberating ability	1
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it	0
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	0
called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
with a searing lead performance	1
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel	0
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
is a good and ambitious film	1
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	0
... hokey art house pretension .	0
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
the pathology it pretends to investigate	0
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .	0
breathtakingly	1
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly	1
drop everything and run to ichi	1
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them	1
engrossing entertainment	1
timelessness	1
cast and surehanded direction	1
a likable story ,	1
curiously depressing	0
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
entertains	1
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
triumphant ,	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...	1
charm or texture	1
an intriguing story of maternal instincts	1
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
completely predictable	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	1
love liza	1
tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
a cruel story	0
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious	0
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite	0
sucks .	0
pointed personalities , courage ,	1
a gentle and engrossing character	1
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama	0
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script	1
dramatic snapshot	1
vision is beginning to feel	1
an elegant work	1
a movie ever could be	1
heartfelt comedy	1
this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food	0
surprises	1
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers ''	1
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
carl	1
screwed-up	0
the affection of that moral favorite	1
a good noir	1
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	1
dancing	1
crackles	1
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	1
rollerball left us cold	0
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
happens to be that rarity among sequels	1
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
a coming-of-age movie	1
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	0
did i miss something ?	0
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue	0
bad direction and bad acting --	0
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
leaden	0
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences	0
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
little too obvious ,	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short	0
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
smeary and	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	1
in its courageousness , and comedic employment	1
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness	0
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
the primitive murderer	0
profoundly stupid	0
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
obvious cliches	0
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
of the finest	1
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and	0
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
lifetime milestones	1
cute	1
mean	0
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
sports-movie triumph	1
self-hatred instilled	0
flat	0
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	0
surprise family	1
will have an intermittently good time	1
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country	1
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
its intriguing subject	1
, seamless and sumptuous stream	1
obvious and lengthy	0
a compelling and horrifying story	1
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose	1
never fails to fascinate .	1
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
hazy	0
energetic and original	1
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
the somber pacing and lack	0
deeply biased , and wholly	0
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...	0
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
cute factor	1
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it	0
some laughs	1
atrociously	0
seasonal holiday kids	1
its success	1
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
a doubt	0
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	1
well-executed spy-thriller .	1
reached its expiration date	0
together with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
you love the music ,	1
dreary , humorless soap opera	0
a good human	1
hardly seems worth the effort .	0
too shallow for an older one	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
put through torture	0
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented	0
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
authentic feel	1
, ivan is a prince of a fellow	1
huge sacrifice	0
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty	1
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
a bad blend	0
pouty-lipped poof	0
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story	1
hot	1
little sticky and unsatisfied	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	0
prominent	1
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	0
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total	0
complex than its sunny disposition	1
read my lips with such provocative material	1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller	1
compelling coming-of-age drama	1
with phony imagery or music	0
of those so-so films that could have been much better	0
insufficiently cathartic	0
a heartening tale of small victories and	1
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
detail	1
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context	1
, inspiring	1
hellish	0
part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
too goodly ,	1
abandon	0
pure	1
opened it up for all of us to understand	1
zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	1
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks	0
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
a bittersweet film ,	1
was reading the minds of the audience	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
at the right film	1
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
have developed some taste	1
but unmemorable	0
depleted	0
talented director as chen kaige	1
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
remarkably assured	1
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
shallow and	0
vivid as the 19th-century ones	1
truly annoying	0
visual treat	1
, i hated myself in the morning .	0
overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	1
made up for its rather slow beginning	1
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
's really so appealing about the characters	1
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide	1
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics	0
become expert fighters	1
a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
put off by the film 's austerity	0
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans	1
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but	1
an mtv , sugar hysteria , and	0
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front	1
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
is every bit as fascinating	1
pseudo-philosophic twaddle	0
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	0
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good	1
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
french coming-of-age import	1
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state	1
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
its script and execution	1
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy	1
entertaining itself	1
comes off as insultingly simplistic	0
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome	0
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
the obnoxious special effects	0
left the theater	0
, far more meaningful story	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere	0
paper-thin characterizations	0
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking	0
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
does n't so much phone in his performance as	0
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	1
, structure and rhythms	1
break free of her old life	1
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
valentine	1
grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )	1
fanciful thinkers	1
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
the day-old shelf	0
who seem barely in the same movie	0
the emotional heart	1
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
gorgeous color palette	1
is a distinct rarity , and an event .	1
have all but ruined his career	0
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just	0
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought	1
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
both innocent and jaded	1
the scuzzy underbelly	0
comic sparks	1
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
heaven is one such beast	1
feel good	1
is a career-defining revelation	1
the film is way too full of itself ;	0
gutless direction	0
another disjointed	0
done excellent work here	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but	1
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony	0
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
the sheer joy and pride	1
most creative mayhem	1
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough	1
beijing	1
with a sickening thud	0
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper	0
gibberish	0
pure venality --	0
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting	0
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
gets the tone just right	1
... watching it was painful .	0
ugly , pointless , stupid movie	0
achingly sad	0
out of character and logically	0
soulful , incisive meditation	1
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel	0
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race	1
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito	0
very little story or character	0
garden music video	1
dopey dialogue	0
be as intelligent	1
to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
stay	1
a spirited film and a must-see	1
one of the funnier movies	1
, banter-filled comedy	1
keen eye , sweet spirit and	1
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
is not quite the career peak	0
to reveal his impressively delicate range	1
weird little movie	0
a sheer unbridled delight in the way	1
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error	0
, unforced	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .	1
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	1
do n't really care for the candidate	0
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic	0
convenient	1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war	0
in the pianist	1
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
be engaging	1
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
even the most jaded cinema audiences	1
see it as soon as possible	1
viewers out in the cold	0
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
that suffers because of its many excesses	0
predictable plot	0
with fascinating connections	1
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	0
an uneasy mix	0
in your face for two hours	0
's just grating	0
the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
is interested	1
burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
, natural acting	1
a step further , richer and	1
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
a filmmaker of impressive talent	1
evelyn comes from the heart .	1
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
a japan bustling	1
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years	1
see over and over again	1
the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition	0
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it	0
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake	0
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
the rollicking dark humor so necessary	1
is a success in some sense	1
truly magical	1
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	0
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	0
seek and strike just the right tone	1
generates little narrative momentum , and	0
be captivated	1
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability	0
because it overstays its natural running time	0
schneider is no steve martin	0
a wry , affectionate delight	1
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
powerful , inflammatory film	1
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
bland actors	0
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank	0
own preciousness	1
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
the seemingly irreconcilable situation	0
's surprisingly harmless .	1
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	1
a sumptuous work	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
popcorn thriller	1
incredibly captivating	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .	0
touching melodrama	1
's an excellent 90-minute film	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story and	1
some first-rate performances	1
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	1
sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks	0
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring	0
obnoxious	0
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations	0
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	1
no more	0
impart a message	1
the great films about movie love	1
energizes it	1
makes for a touching love story	1
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
that is actually funny with the material	1
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
is funny and pithy ,	1
black-and-white and unrealistic	0
actor michel serrault	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,	1
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;	1
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	1
beyond all expectation	1
the occasional bursts of sharp writing	1
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
i laughed at	1
gaudy hawaiian shirt	0
itself is just sooooo tired .	0
truth-telling	1
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	0
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge	0
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	1
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution	0
these characters love each other	1
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions	1
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me	0
sloppy script	0
an achingly enthralling premise ,	1
sense-of-humour failure	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill	0
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
accomplished oscar winners	1
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
woefully hackneyed	0
as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
it is	1
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
works beautifully	1
is a little scattered -- ditsy	0
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
how lame	0
fascinating film	1
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
spends a bit too much time	0
with his talent	1
cuteness	1
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
90-plus	1
excellent use of music	1
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny	1
your first instinct is to duck	0
the beauty	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	1
dave barry 's popular book of the same name	1
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love	1
a quaint	1
to the grayish quality of its lighting	0
to describe exactly how bad it is	0
that its story just is n't worth telling	0
subtlest works	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera	0
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --	1
mediocre	0
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
worth seeing at least once	1
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
of joy and energy	1
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
nobody in the viewing audience cares	0
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
family togetherness	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports	1
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
a tour de force	1
energetic and sweetly	1
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	0
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie	1
-- that you should never forget	1
careless and unfocused	0
uneven	0
that gave people seizures	0
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip	0
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream	0
far less sophisticated and	0
not smart	0
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful	1
it 's an entertaining movie ,	1
intrigued	1
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare	1
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
clear point	1
a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
always hilarious meara	1
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event	1
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
the titillating material	1
eerily accurate	1
uncommonly pleasurable	1
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods	1
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman	1
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable	1
is the far superior film .	1
its own quirky hipness	1
fearlessness	1
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
overly familiar scenario	0
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
recommended --	1
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and	0
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
strong dramatic and emotional pull	1
what makes the movie special	1
feeling guilty	0
of heart or conservative of spirit	1
silly rather than plausible	0
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
is a fascinating little tale .	1
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
mean-spirited lashing	0
right direction	1
possibilities	1
your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days	0
a good movie	1
the plot grows thin soon	0
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
mothers	1
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece	0
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters	1
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
fine , focused	1
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient	0
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
's a lot to recommend read my lips	1
outstanding feature debut	1
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
virtue	1
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
funny feast	1
has you study them	1
stink bomb .	0
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
a delightfully dour ,	1
distinct rarity	1
born to make	1
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
terrible	0
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals	1
such a blip on the year 's radar screen	0
much panache	1
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	0
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity	0
skilfully	1
with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	1
is just as boring and as obvious	0
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
avarice and damaged dreams	0
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming	1
appreciates the art and	1
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
an intensely lived time	1
unexplainable pain	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
very well shot or composed or edited	1
are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
an enthralling , entertaining feature	1
of american pie hijinks	0
an all-around good time	1
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
artful	1
color and depth , and rather a good time	1
is losing his touch	0
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
of magic	1
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,	0
thoughtful , emotional	1
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
always the prettiest pictures	1
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way	1
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
it looks good , sonny ,	1
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	0
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem	1
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series	1
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
proud warrior	1
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable	1
a giddy and provocative sexual	1
keep you wide awake and ...	1
david letterman and the onion	1
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback	1
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary	0
a visually stunning rumination	1
but it 's great cinematic polemic	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
much to our dismay	0
and well-made entertainment	1
entertaining and moving	1
did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
flopped as surely	0
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
the worst thing	0
the bland songs	0
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
more charming than in about a boy	1
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone	1
creative interference	1
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
fails to fascinate .	0
powerful and reasonably fulfilling	1
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
, amusing , sad and reflective	1
the off-center humor is a constant	1
has really done his subject justice .	1
summer audience	1
made a decent ` intro ' documentary	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and	1
take notice	1
sad to say	0
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
very ambitious project	1
a comedy to start a reaction	1
lousy tarantino imitations	0
horrifyingly ,	0
ferrara 's best film in years .	1
characteristically startling visual style	1
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good	1
possible argentine american beauty reeks	0
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
balanced film	1
pleasures	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	0
how i killed my father compelling	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage	0
fun and reminiscent	1
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
unexpectedly sweet	1
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	0
the biggest disappointments	0
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary	0
murphy 's expert comic timing	1
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and	1
holds a certain charm	1
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
sad nonsense ,	0
naturally funny	1
intimate and panoramic .	1
drowsy	0
it is hard to resist	1
an open wound	0
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and	0
of those films that aims to confuse	0
the stale plot and pornographic way	0
brutally dry satire	0
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	0
it 's not very good either .	0
a very distinctive sensibility	1
the story has little wit and no surprises .	0
real	1
stunningly unoriginal	0
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
unusual , food-for-thought cinema	1
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	0
's neither original nor terribly funny	0
see it .	1
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .	0
makes no sense	0
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
characteristically startling visual style and	1
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry	1
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
devastating	0
a fascinating glimpse	1
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
gives none to the audience	0
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	1
farce ,	0
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line	0
( a ) soulless	0
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
hot and the john wayne classics	1
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ...	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	1
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable	0
the drama that gives added clout to this doc	1
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal	0
a glorified sitcom , and	0
rejection by one 's mother	0
of the worst movies of the year	0
tiresome jargon	0
warmth	1
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door	0
gay love stories	1
silly fluff	0
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
'll cheer	1
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
the six-time winner	1
does its predecessors proud .	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass	1
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,	1
, stylized humor throughout	1
the strain of its plot contrivances	0
is honestly affecting	1
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
wonder	1
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
genuinely bone-chilling	1
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
is funny , charming and quirky	1
on ugly digital video	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	1
wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
heartfelt	1
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers	0
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
impressive stagings	1
exhilarating new	1
slow down	0
an earnest study	1
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable	1
cinderella	1
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light	1
see this terrific film with your kids	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	1
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map	0
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake	0
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two	0
with their memorable and resourceful performances	1
impacts	1
sweet , tender sermon	1
one of the rarest kinds of films	1
poetry , passion , and genius	1
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter	1
choke	0
( and probably should have )	0
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
teen-speak and animal gibberish	0
of our making	1
you liked the previous movies in the series	1
then by all means check it out .	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but	0
one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director	1
the dimming	0
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration	1
trying to sneak out of the theater	0
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	1
the superficial tensions	0
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
comes to life in the performances .	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,	1
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
shines through every frame	1
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal	1
poorly staged	0
of this reactionary thriller	1
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle	1
of fun for all	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
engaging , surprisingly	1
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
a canny crowd pleaser , and	1
truly excellent	1
this dog of a movie	0
is well worth seeing	1
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers	1
always hilarious	1
sweet-tempered comedy	1
, we never really get inside of them .	0
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger	1
good qualities	1
as plain and pedestrian as catsup	0
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
love , family and	1
a heroine as feisty and	1
is nothing redeeming about this movie .	0
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	1
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
ebullient	1
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
a boring , pretentious waste	0
spiced	1
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
, imaginative kid 's movie	1
sit near the back	0
local flavor	1
grandness	1
's not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger	1
for the under-7 crowd	0
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
's just too boring and obvious	0
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven	1
penetrating , potent exploration	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one	1
liked about schmidt a lot	1
would be a total washout .	0
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) ,	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
a sleep-inducing thriller	0
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	0
something to be fully forgotten	0
loathe	0
she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend	0
bravado kathy !	1
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance	0
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation	0
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	1
so vivid a portrait of a woman	1
it look like a masterpiece	1
of the most repellent things	0
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
thoroughly enjoyed the love story	1
, simple and soapy	1
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad	0
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
, and better	1
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this	0
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
meaningful cinema	1
full of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
dreaming up romantic comedies	1
a delightful little film	1
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
the crap	0
more colorful , more playful tone	1
, the film is deadly dull	0
unlikeable people	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	0
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun	0
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	1
people act weird	0
vaporize from your memory minutes	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis	1
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
the chaos of an urban conflagration	0
is painfully bad ,	0
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
better-focused	1
induces headaches more slowly	0
not-at-all-good	0
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
is lightweight filmmaking	0
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison	0
arbitrarily plotted	0
a riveting documentary .	1
prettiest	1
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer	1
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy	0
yet , it still works .	1
minor-league soccer remake	0
kids-cute sentimentality	1
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
unparalleled proportions	1
hilarious writer-director himself	1
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
delight	1
is brilliant	1
atrocious	0
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals	1
's not bad prose	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	0
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
holds the screen like a true star	1
with some laughs and a smile	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen	0
hollywood frightfest	0
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
makes it a comic book with soul	1
energized	1
provides a fresh view of an old type	1
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story	0
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	0
the sorriest and most	0
keep this	1
the startling intimacy	1
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
important	1
is actually one of its strengths .	1
for humor in so many teenage comedies	1
corny television	0
a reasonable degree	1
sparse instances	0
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .	0
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants	1
works as well as it does because of the performances	1
gold	1
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
is nothing redeeming about this movie	0
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
a mischievous visual style	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,	0
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen	1
even shallow	0
most oddly honest hollywood document	1
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
plotless	0
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	0
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
gives a performance that is masterly .	1
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --	0
the excitement is missing	0
photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
riveting	1
the huskies are beautiful	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine	0
offensive , puerile and	0
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy	0
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs	0
witty and beneath	1
succeeds	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,	1
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur	1
and it 's a lousy one at that .	0
the self-serious equilibrium	0
an engrossing and grim portrait	1
brainless	0
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness	0
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	1
the best case for christianity	1
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller	1
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
in their recklessness	0
overplayed	0
turn and devolves	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid	1
was vile enough .	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	1
redeeming feature	1
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money	0
safe	1
well-acted ,	1
's also disappointing to a certain degree	0
that few will bother thinking it all through	0
refreshingly unhibited	1
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
fact , the best in recent memory	1
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain	1
beautiful , evocative	1
with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
is often preachy and	0
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	0
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility	0
an epic four-hour indian musical	1
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion	0
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers	1
it 's drab .	0
document	1
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
something vital	1
nutty , consistently funny .	1
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''	0
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
best ensemble casts	1
by its lack of purpose	0
kiddie-oriented stinker	0
feeling embarrassed	0
slap me , i saw this movie .	0
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;	1
for serious film buffs	1
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes ,	0
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
whiney	0
far less endearing disabilities	0
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	0
none of them are ever any good	0
the first one charming	1
its plot contrivances	0
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
his sentimental journey	1
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
reflect	1
this stuck pig	0
spiderman rocks	1
most wondrous love story	1
, they succeed	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and	0
memorable experience	1
vivid characters	1
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture	1
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	1
of overwhelming waste	0
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .	0
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
tedious	0
emotionally at least )	1
are simply too good	1
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
hard to care	0
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
younger generations	1
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded	1
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
picture-perfect	1
that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but	0
truly , truly bad	0
loaded with good intentions	1
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt	0
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
lackadaisical	0
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
make it an above-average thriller .	1
the performances are remarkable .	1
engaging simplicity	1
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	1
a moratorium	0
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
convincing way	1
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	0
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy	0
quite good-natured	1
stylish cast	1
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly	1
sometimes murky , always brooding look	0
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i	1
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it	0
this amiable picture	1
awkwardly paced	0
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
in its perfect quiet pace	1
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
downward	0
most audacious , outrageous ,	1
a domestic melodrama	1
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
buy this stuff	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed	1
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian	0
intoxicating show	1
a self-indulgent script	0
incredibly flexible	1
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story	1
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
the tuxedo was n't just bad ;	0
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
's coherent , well shot ,	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting	0
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	1
, quite simply , should n't have been made	0
wisdom and emotion	1
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
with so much passion	1
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty )	0
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
a rollicking good time for the most part	1
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty	1
at blockbuster	1
a two star script	0
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
reach a truly annoying pitch	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ,	1
some laughs in this movie	1
too literally	0
something of a triumph	1
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
stand tall	1
sometimes endearing	1
by sending the audience straight to hell	0
giggles	1
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank	0
the vagueness	0
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line	0
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
top-heavy	0
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time	0
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style	1
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
losing his touch	0
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
throwing up	0
silly and monotonous	0
her nomination as best actress even more	1
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	1
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes	0
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling	1
is terrific ,	1
from a fine cast	1
logical	1
strong cast and surehanded direction	1
interesting storytelling devices	1
two gifted performers	1
a useless movie	0
this movie is 90 minutes long , and	0
ends up being surprisingly dull	0
sharp writing	1
been astronomically bad	0
a stylish cast	1
an oscar nomination	1
fiction	1
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
describing badness	0
sly humor	1
gentle but insistent sincerity	1
funny and touching	1
arresting	1
annoying	0
humor and lightness	1
rediscovers	1
farts	0
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	1
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
as bad as you think ,	0
profane and exploitative	0
strong themes	1
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
with a cause	1
horrors	0
so graceless and devoid	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short	0
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling	0
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but	0
disgust	0
veteran	1
succeed merrily	1
collateral damage is trash	0
a sentimental hybrid	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once	0
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama .	0
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
hour-and-a-half-long commercial	0
sets a new benchmark for lameness	0
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements	1
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	1
some startling , surrealistic moments	1
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	1
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	0
striking new significance	1
are n't your bailiwick	0
overrun	0
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
nothing special and , until the final act ,	0
cheap , graceless , hackneyed	0
a more credible script ,	1
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread	0
new or interesting	1
loses its ability to shock and amaze	0
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
an ` a ' list cast	1
stellar performance	1
provide its thrills and extreme emotions	1
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
extremely bad .	0
contorting itself into an idea of expectation	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing	0
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
's plenty to offend everyone	0
a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
plot conceits	0
the widowmaker is a great yarn	1
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding	0
the first movie	1
achingly unfunny phonce	0
entirely suspenseful	1
pretty unbelievable	0
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers	0
only masochistic moviegoers	0
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
attempts , in vain	0
stunning film	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and	1
no new plot conceptions or	0
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
considerable wit	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	0
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter ,	1
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
tasteful to look at	1
love a joy	1
unfunny	0
sweet gentle jesus	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
a bonus feature	1
guilty about it	0
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda	0
predictably conventional	0
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;	0
winning , heartwarming yarn	1
more tacky and reprehensible	0
great pleasure	1
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue	1
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	0
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	1
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
the star-making machinery	1
academic	1
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
one problem with the movie	0
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	1
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )	0
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
hoary dialogue ,	0
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period	0
smart and	1
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze	1
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --	1
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered )	0
truly larger-than-life	1
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
more good than great	1
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
very distinctive sensibility	1
well-thought stunts or a car chase	1
idiotic and ugly .	0
are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone	1
more contemporary	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given	0
informative and breathtakingly spectacular	1
poky	0
have put together a bold biographical fantasia	1
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	0
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
with such clarity	1
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	1
reality shows for god 's sake	0
so , i trust	1
sweet , funny	1
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	1
detailed	1
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it	1
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	0
open-hearted film	1
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
cliches and pat storytelling	0
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
spirit is a visual treat	1
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
a very good viewing alternative for young women	1
therapy-dependent flakeball	0
most accomplished work	1
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
` laughing	1
marvelous series	1
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications	1
polished and	1
a confusing drudgery .	0
's flawed and brilliant	1
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit	0
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	0
being stupid	0
flat-out amusing ,	1
saw the film	1
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
together frustrating	0
the visual panache , the comic touch ,	1
an athlete , a movie star , and	1
ability to shock and amaze	1
another example of how sandler is losing his touch	0
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
search of purpose or even a plot	0
fanciful	1
it wore me down	0
mediocre movie	0
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and	0
, but also intriguing and honorable ,	1
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about	0
freshly painted rembrandt	1
's not entirely memorable	0
by a set of heartfelt performances	1
, heartfelt	1
motivated by nothing	0
so stunning	1
road to perdition does display greatness , and	1
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .	1
not a trace	0
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
original hit movie	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and	0
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,	1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
excuse for a film	0
dominate a family	0
a grenade	0
one of the best actors there is	1
, rapid-fire delivery	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	0
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be	0
vulgarity , sex scenes , and	0
greatest play	1
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story	1
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
slightest difficulty	0
a satisfying evening	1
brutally honest individual	1
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
and crude film	0
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
is very believable	1
pleasing way	1
the very best movies	1
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
insane comic	1
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
jerking off	0
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
would be better as a diary or documentary	0
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	1
, eloquence , spiritual challenge	1
have to check your brain at the door	0
lush and beautifully	1
bright , inventive	1
very interesting and	1
confident	1
great scares and a good surprise ending	1
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
lowly studio hack	0
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points	0
hastily and	0
brilliant	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,	1
thoughtless ,	0
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling	1
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	1
most severe	0
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and	1
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	0
for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
of the theater	1
a cinematic corpse	0
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	0
a solidly entertaining little film	1
comedic employment	1
creativity , and fearlessness	1
terrific setpieces	1
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
plod	0
just send it to cranky .	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,	1
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
confidence	1
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
beautiful film to watch	1
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	0
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
moore wonderfully	1
farm melodrama .	0
passion , creativity , and fearlessness	1
immature and	0
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	0
obvious as telling a country skunk	0
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;	1
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,	0
where this was lazy but enjoyable	1
come during that final , beautiful scene	1
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
hold society in place	1
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together	1
, should scare any sane person away .	0
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation	1
revolutionary spirit	1
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
should never have been brought out of hibernation	0
painfully awful	0
on its empty head	0
's why sex and lucia is so alluring	1
betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
's most substantial feature for some time .	1
that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
solutions	1
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed	0
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,	1
a bad day	0
exactly how bad it is	0
loses	0
no big whoop , nothing new to see ,	0
, the film is well worthwhile .	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	1
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out	0
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,	1
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor	0
's certainly laudable	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have	0
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
late fees	0
's not very interesting	0
assume is just another day of brit cinema	0
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago	0
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt	0
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
setting distracts	0
big stars and high production values are standard procedure	1
go , girls , right down the reality drain .	0
a rare window on an artistic collaboration	1
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones	1
imaginative through out	1
not remotely incisive enough	0
purposes of bland hollywood romance	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	1
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,	1
generosity and diplomacy	1
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks	0
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty	1
big stars and	1
deadly bore	0
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and	0
bad prose	0
for that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
is never able to pull it back on course .	0
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated	0
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender	1
human nature	1
the narration helps little	0
, i enjoyed it just as much !	1
is just garbage .	0
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly	1
crafted , and well	1
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	0
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters	0
no rooting interest	0
his strongest performance since the doors	1
run-of-the-mill	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,	0
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
creative belly laughs	1
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
a cinematic disaster	0
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
satisfyingly scarifying	1
lumpen	0
incoherence	0
to care about them	1
degenerates into hogwash .	0
plodding	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	1
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
believing people were paid to make it	0
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	1
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
fairly trite	0
freshness and spirit	1
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .	1
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades	0
hitting the audience over the head with a moral	0
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
are often funny fanatics	1
unshapely look	0
does n't even seem like she tried	0
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	0
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
a realistic , non-exploitive approach	1
this world more complex	1
thin notion	0
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype	0
altogether creepy	0
fiery	1
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
the precious trappings	1
lively	1
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life	1
deserving of its oscar nomination	1
sentimental mess	0
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly	1
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
lots of boring talking heads , etc .	0
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	1
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
some unpaid intern	0
disappoint the action	0
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
that movie was pretty bad	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time	0
every once in a while a film	1
jolts the laughs from the audience	1
give full performances	1
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
offend	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	1
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,	1
funny little film	1
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
sobering , heart-felt drama	1
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle	0
the numerous scenes	1
be another shameless attempt by disney	0
` it 's just a kids ' flick	0
a minor miracle	1
comes from the heart	1
heaven	1
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else	0
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
asset	1
are odd and pixilated and	0
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
do n't avert our eyes for a moment	1
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator	0
most entertaining	1
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
sloppy slapstick	0
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations	0
while the performances are often engaging	1
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly	0
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic	0
is all over the place	0
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste	0
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it	1
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while	1
sensuous and	1
stays close to the ground	1
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
has become the master of innuendo .	1
mattei 's underdeveloped effort	0
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
treat	1
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
timeless and universal tale	1
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
fire-breathing	1
a bad movie that happened to good actors .	0
film buzz and whir	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,	0
as brave and challenging	1
, it 's just grating	0
ms. bullock 's best work	1
a haunted house ,	0
well together	1
to mention absolutely refreshed .	1
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
the film 's plot may be shallow ,	0
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
the director 's	1
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,	0
scorsese 's bold images	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness	1
had a sense of humor	1
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	0
like many of his works	1
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
, enveloping affection	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	0
mumbles his way through the movie .	0
clumsy cliché	0
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	0
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
a perfect show	1
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick	0
interesting slice	1
an athlete	1
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
just lazy	0
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
a director enjoying himself immensely	1
gratingly unfunny groaner	0
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
a better person	1
like a spectator and not a participant	0
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	0
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing	0
recommend big bad love	1
actually makes the heart soar	1
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
in ( the characters ' ) misery	0
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that	1
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,	0
imaginative teacher	1
rekindles	1
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	0
touching and tender	1
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
rousing ,	1
a lackluster script	0
a bargain-basement european pickup	0
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	0
the director at his most sparkling	1
i like this movie a lot .	1
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
with bogus profundities	0
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
, pasty lumpen	0
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
of narrative banality	0
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	0
as their natural instinct for self-preservation	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie	0
is careless and unfocused .	0
a deeply unpleasant experience	0
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents	1
is of the darkest variety	0
the subject matter is as adult as you can get	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	1
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
nice , light treat	1
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
rambling incoherence	0
, stay away .	0
as temptingly easy	1
an engaging and exciting narrative	1
michel piccoli 's moving performance	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
terrible .	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,	0
tie together beautifully	1
the hardy spirit	1
is simply too overdone	0
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
the troubling thing	0
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction	0
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
hideously and clumsily	0
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,	1
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	1
restrictive and chaotic	0
all arty and jazzy	1
animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
, it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
simply stupid , irrelevant	0
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	1
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	0
charming , funny and beautifully	1
better person	1
fall fast asleep	0
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all	0
wilde 's wit and	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	0
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
created a brilliant motion picture	1
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
super	1
to tiresome jargon	0
the most watchable film	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit	0
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
be shallow	0
she fails to provoke them .	0
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground	0
your indifference	0
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers	0
uplifting and	1
stimulating and demanding	1
smacks of exhibitionism	0
is about grief	0
an important , original talent	1
the film 's creepy	0
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin	1
's good	1
best kind	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't	0
deceptively simple ,	1
slight but sweet	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
, thought-provoking film	1
rock-solid gangster movie	1
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality	1
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd	0
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful	1
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
chokes	0
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work	1
become wearisome .	0
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity	0
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
direct-to-video ' release	0
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
a frustrating ` tweener '	0
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent	1
what could have	0
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along	0
it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
best gay love stories	1
a stale copy	0
is both inspiring and pure joy	1
uncomfortable class resentment	0
peculiar and always entertaining	1
bland hotels , highways , parking lots	0
is quite beautiful	1
slopped ` em together	0
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
a spotty script	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	0
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
affluence	1
's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine	0
nothing wrong with performances here	1
beautifully produced	1
get in the way	0
truly is life affirming	1
wickedly funny ,	1
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
rises to a higher level	1
most sincere and artful	1
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself	1
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
grand-scale	1
the demons of his own fear and paranoia	0
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché	0
ingratiating	0
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
nothing about this movie	0
no good answer to that one	0
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it	1
power and grace	1
a sure hand	1
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period	0
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow	0
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point	0
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film	1
exquisite trappings	1
broadway	1
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film	1
blown	0
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	0
washed out despite all of that	0
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,	1
the movie 's wildly careening tone	0
family film sequel	1
real characters	1
too bad to be good and	0
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	1
is strong as always .	1
that proves you	1
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '	1
the corniest	0
indulgence	0
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	0
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it	1
a monster	0
smartest	1
's a masterpiece	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	0
unsatisfying ending	0
eric	1
director anne fontaine	1
enough to keep men	1
high-profile	1
a teen movie with a humanistic message	1
in white 's intermittently wise script	1
demented	0
screenplay to die for	1
the natural affability that has made tucker a star	1
of the best next generation episodes	1
succeeds in entertaining ,	1
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	0
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s	1
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
darling	1
a cult favorite	1
underlines even the dullest tangents	0
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
overwrought and crudely literal	0
sink this ` sub '	0
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	0
is an inspirational love story	1
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance	1
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure	1
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
the artwork is spectacular	1
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences	0
needs more impressionistic	0
disgracefully	0
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .	0
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome	0
its characters and its audience	1
a good idea	1
a technical triumph and	1
first great film	1
its heartfelt concern	1
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies	1
a cute partnership	1
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	0
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich	1
such a mesmerizing one	1
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	1
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access	1
the love of family	1
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
is visually smart	1
also is difficult to fathom .	0
on subtle ironies and visual devices	1
the right choices at every turn	1
2002 's first great film	1
poetic	1
hopelessly juvenile	0
's enough to sustain laughs	1
genuinely funny ensemble	1
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus	0
an imaginatively mixed cast	1
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
chance to prove his worth	1
the hilarious writer-director himself	1
's not very good	0
high standards	1
amateurish	0
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination ,	1
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	0
downhill	0
much imagination	1
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool	0
insanely hilarious !	1
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
and for many of us , that 's good enough .	1
solid	1
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
the same old silliness	0
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own	0
of wit and dignity	1
and just plain dumb	0
a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy	0
to the illogic of its characters	0
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and	0
of the film 's problems	0
the procession	1
rock 's stand-up magic	1
gorgeous epic	1
criminal	0
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter	0
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine	0
inside unnecessary films	0
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	0
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed	1
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,	0
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
mystic	1
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	1
a hokey piece of nonsense	0
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
feast	1
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
be nominated for an oscar next year	1
our best achievements and other times	1
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber	1
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	0
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride	1
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	0
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality	1
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .	0
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity	1
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
musty	0
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film	0
is never especially clever and often	0
is a bomb	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and	1
full of cheesy dialogue ,	0
one of demme 's good films	1
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining	1
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment	0
a heartfelt conviction	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film	0
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming	1
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin	0
is impressive .	1
dramatic substance	1
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival	1
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
ong 's promising debut	1
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
horribly wrong	0
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
courageousness	1
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension	0
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
does n't necessarily	0
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
stands for milder is n't better .	0
something that really matters	1
needed so badly	0
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	0
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
chelsea hotel	1
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '	0
a perfect wildean actor	1
stories drowned by all too clever complexity	0
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	0
we had to endure last summer ,	0
delightfully against the grain	1
sincerely	1
some very good comedic songs ,	1
plotting	1
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge	0
will make you laugh	1
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room	0
a fleeting grasp	0
be funny , uplifting and moving ,	1
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ,	1
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	1
of hell so shattering it	0
love affair	1
one-sided	0
find it fascinating	1
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles	0
appalling as any ` comedy '	0
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --	0
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
is breathtaking	1
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers	1
touching reflection	1
's relentlessly folksy	0
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	1
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies	0
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
warm and	1
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .	0
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
a worthy substitute	1
with promise	1
, you might want to check it out	1
makes it all the more compelling .	1
usually genuinely worthwhile	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but	0
, triumphant ,	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
well-made and satisfying	1
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
is hard to care	0
tell you how tedious	0
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set	0
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	0
suckers	0
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
overtly silly	0
meyjes ' provocative film	1
savage full-bodied wit	1
our imagination	1
rich tale	1
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
superhero	1
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
is going to be something really good	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	0
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	0
is generous and deep	1
you have left the theater	0
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
burning , blasting , stabbing	0
seems suited neither to kids or adults	0
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
imax sound system	1
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration	1
clarity and	1
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
perfect material	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	0
a pleasant distraction ,	1
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
a winning comedy	1
, madonna is one helluva singer .	1
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	1
tremendous chemistry	1
catches dramatic fire .	1
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
hackneyed and	0
the funniest moments	1
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad	0
bisset is both convincing and radiant	1
ca n't recommend it .	0
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory	1
good guys and	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	0
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off	0
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
the beat of a different drum	1
peevish and gimmicky	0
classical	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ,	1
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
a strangely sinister happy ending	1
, is extraordinary .	1
lee 's achievement	1
classical actress	1
is not first-rate	0
well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish	1
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
is this bad on purpose	0
strongest performance	1
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
as the film breaks your heart	1
told , with superb performances throughout	1
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland	0
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,	0
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
skillful	1
appropriate comic buttons	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
hero performances	1
lack contrast	0
turmoil	0
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one	0
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates	1
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding	0
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	0
sounds whiny and defensive	0
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
enough to feel good about	1
much like a young robert deniro	1
incisive and sensitive	1
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	1
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids	1
lingering death	0
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
damning and damned compelling	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing	1
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	0
a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
rashomon-for-dipsticks	0
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest	1
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
skip this dreck	0
slow scenes	0
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
ca n't go wrong	1
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
addictive guilty pleasure	1
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
lighting effects and	1
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
the problems	0
sleepless	0
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
love , longing ,	1
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way	0
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
ultimately disappoint the action	0
very charming and funny movie	1
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
of a typical american horror film	0
the leads are natural and lovely	1
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	0
damn fine	1
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .	1
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
connection and concern	1
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow	1
is moving	1
complex portrait of a modern israel	1
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	0
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy	0
unfunny and	0
standard horror flick formula	0
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	0
terrific special effects and funnier gags	1
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	1
should not be missed .	1
pretty	1
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , ''	0
intelligence and subtlety	1
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up	0
the cinematic canon ,	1
grinds itself	0
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end	0
is one of those films that aims to confuse	0
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
loses all	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich ,	1
is a bowser	0
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
handled correctly	1
he is always sympathetic .	1
no energy	0
the very hollowness of the character he plays	0
rude black comedy	0
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	0
succeeded in	1
a superior crime movie	1
stop buying tickets to these movies	0
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	1
more precious than perspicacious	1
this emotional car-wreck	0
hated	0
as a seven rip-off	0
i saw this one	1
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	0
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
critically insightful	1
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
looks wonderful	1
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy	0
shift	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life	1
wonderfully creepy	1
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	1
is lacking any real emotional impact	0
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up	1
contrived , unmotivated , and	0
stock plot	0
of education	1
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving	1
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
a pasolini film without passion or politics	0
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects	1
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
well to cram earplugs	0
most poorly staged and lit	0
rushed	0
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination	1
star power	1
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt	1
an unremittingly ugly movie	0
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence	0
turd	0
a successful example	1
truly distinctive	1
hopkins/rock collision	0
entirely witless	0
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;	1
believability	1
a pathetically inane and unimaginative	0
a low rate annie	0
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	1
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
constantly touching ,	1
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
loses its overall sense of mystery and	0
what the hell was coming next	0
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
naturally dramatic	1
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards	1
rut	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant	1
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	0
has a genuine dramatic impact	1
stylish film	1
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
dramatic enough to sustain interest	1
bad action-movie line	0
limply	0
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
a bore	0
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
the grandeur	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but	0
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
even more predictable , cliche-ridden	0
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	1
a lot more	1
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez	0
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,	0
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and	1
a true star	1
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person	0
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	0
besotted and obvious drama	0
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
intensely romantic	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
in this tepid genre offering	0
an iconoclastic artist	1
millions of eager fans	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	1
almost in a class with that of wilde	1
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s )	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,	1
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
the cleverness , the weirdness and	1
of loss	0
a heavy-handed indictment	0
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
the whiney characters bugged me	0
implausible	0
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch	1
chronically mixed signals	0
work of extraordinary journalism	1
failure	0
of the more overtly silly dialogue	0
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	1
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal	1
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
to keep the film entertaining	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational	1
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	0
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch	1
it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
reality drain	0
loosely connected	0
difficult	0
barlow	0
a modern motion picture	1
, big-hearted and frequently	1
depressed fifteen-year-old 's	0
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	1
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
is intelligently accomplished	1
an eminently engrossing film	1
being able to give full performances	1
into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
reminiscent	1
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much	0
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here ,	1
crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best	1
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit	0
entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,	1
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	0
exploitation picture	0
grey zone	0
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional	1
more trifle than triumph .	0
allow the suit to come to life	1
is spot	1
retread ,	0
it washed out despite all of that	0
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
neat premise	1
more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
no level whatsoever for me	0
the finished product 's unshapely look	0
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
a movie that deserves recommendation	1
signature style	1
too harsh	0
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor	0
is just sooooo tired	0
good sense	1
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	1
cheap scam	0
as if by cattle prod	0
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
the most unpleasant things the studio	0
brand name	1
on this screenplay	1
remarkable achival film	1
involved ,	1
's touching and tender and	1
sensitive ensemble performances and	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and	0
victorious revolutionaries	1
burns out	0
smartly played and smartly directed .	1
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
, gut-clutching piece	1
unrewarding	0
star performances	1
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
sublimely beautiful	1
dared	1
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .	0
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
must have been lost in the translation	0
harm	0
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey	1
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable	1
troubling and powerful	1
well-done film	1
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,	1
... silly humbuggery ...	0
the plot has a number of holes , and	0
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity	1
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold	0
intelligence , wit or innovation	1
accept it as life and go with its flow	1
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and	1
good theatre	1
surprisingly ` solid '	1
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
no good answer	0
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
wait to see it then .	0
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
this often-hilarious farce	1
's as sweet as greenfingers	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,	1
a fanciful motion picture	1
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
more emotional force than any other recent film	1
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
pretentious mess .	0
make the most of the large-screen format	1
unappealing	0
through the horrible pains of a death	0
refreshing	1
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie	0
strange and beautiful film .	1
is priceless	1
the power of spirits	1
relentlessly nasty situations	0
undoubtedly	1
contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
completely delightful	1
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition	0
its visual merits	1
a pleasant enough dish	1
and game phenomenon	1
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .	1
a powerful sequel	1
pandering	0
he does this so well	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ...	1
comic touch	1
tough beauty	1
comic chiller	1
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
bounces	1
2-day old coke	0
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
left on a remote shelf	0
some of the camera work is interesting	1
slow pacing	0
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
`` snl '' has-been	0
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	0
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story	1
to look at , listen to , and think about	1
slaloming through its hackneyed elements	0
are clinically depressed	0
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	1
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --	1
his craft	1
it 's simply baffling	0
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --	1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
imitations	0
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
the worst kind of mythologizing	0
always entertaining , and	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation	1
its rawness and vitality	1
numbingly dull experience	0
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling	1
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good	0
leaves a bitter taste .	0
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem	1
believe that resident evil is not it .	0
is disappointing	0
rather beautiful	1
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise	1
deep intelligence	1
moving story	1
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation	0
terminally bland , painfully slow and	0
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
be more complex than your average film	1
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	0
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	1
pulpy	0
is grisly .	0
's just too dry and too placid	0
generating suspense	1
an unbelievably stupid film	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies	1
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
insultingly unbelievable final act	0
that trademark grin of his --	1
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it	0
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
usually dread encountering the most	0
entertaining feature	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future	0
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists	1
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
will have fun with	1
an interesting slice	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	0
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
their work is fantastic .	1
jolts the laughs from the audience --	1
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
alexandre dumas classic	1
ended up in a movie this bad	0
the lines work	1
avalanche	0
a staggeringly compelling character ,	1
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity	1
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	0
drowned me	0
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	0
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision	0
neatly constructed thriller	1
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
his dead mother	0
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	0
brilliance	1
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
opera on film is never satisfactory .	0
a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
messy and frustrating	0
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	1
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	0
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
has moments of inspired humor	1
uneven performances	0
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	0
an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
wonderful film to bring to imax	1
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	1
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	1
unmotivated	0
with a teeth-clenching gusto	1
coy but exhilarating	1
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
the river	1
simple and innocent	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves	1
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
splendid	1
with the pubescent scandalous	0
having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
blasphemous and nonsensical	0
one-star rating	0
utter cuteness	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
apparent joy	1
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
generous and subversive	1
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
warm	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...	1
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
canny and spiced	1
after the most awful acts are committed	0
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
to which it succeeds	1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp	0
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody	1
its absurdity	0
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	1
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ,	1
a poignant and gently humorous	1
emotional car-wreck	0
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
directed , barely , by there	0
a real snooze .	0
unexpected heights	1
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision	1
dim-witted	0
you 'll regret	0
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable	1
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric	0
has not a trace of humanity or empathy	0
half-hearted fluke	0
slopped ` em together here	0
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top	0
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously	0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie	1
shock-you-into-laughter	1
is attractive .	1
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	1
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and	1
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images	1
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels	1
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile	0
several cliched movie structures : the road movie	0
injects freshness and spirit	1
holds promise	1
laugh-out-loud	1
smartly	1
sweet and memorable film .	1
already relayed by superb	1
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	0
flat	0
under its own thinness	0
no good inside dope , and	0
, point and purpose	1
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is	0
so short	0
privy to	1
than a worthwhile effort	1
truly awful and	0
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl	0
an oscar	1
low-budget filmmaking	0
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees	0
` a ' list cast	1
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors	1
the best disney movie	1
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv	1
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
is the best he 's been in years	1
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation	0
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans	0
delightfully charming -- and totally american	1
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half	1
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
a powerful sequel and	1
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	0
should have gone straight to video .	0
solid family fun	1
it turns out to be affected and boring	0
enchantment	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
does n't work as either	0
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,	1
a movie you can trust	1
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel ,	1
made tucker a star	1
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
sets out	1
remarkable and memorable film	1
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
a visual treat	1
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and	1
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
woefully	0
a riveting story well told .	1
a rather toothless take	0
the problems with the film	0
it makes up for with its heart .	1
nice piece	1
some very good acting ,	1
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment	1
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
and pulp melodrama	0
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage	1
fills the eyes	1
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy	1
these women 's souls right open	1
painful nuance	0
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
unexpectedly moving meditation	1
a good music documentary	1
precious and finely cut diamond	1
disturbing disregard	0
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming	0
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
of humor , verve and fun	1
is a total misfire .	0
pointless extremes	0
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it	1
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice	1
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states	0
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
anti-	0
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
easy feel-good sentiments	1
is a hilarious place to visit	1
unwatchable	0
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
self-amused trash	0
mind crappy movies	0
a classic text	1
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity	1
well-worn situations	0
carried by a strong sense of humanism	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,	1
imponderably stilted	0
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	0
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
's little to recommend snow dogs ,	0
is out of his league	0
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet	0
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
the best didacticism	1
using them as punching bags	0
charming and quirky	1
it 's not half-bad	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
a good vampire tale	1
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly	0
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
not everything	0
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	1
stay with the stage versions	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -	0
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed	1
this is a movie full of grace and ,	1
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen	0
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade	1
lucks	1
it 's not original enough .	0
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
feel ` stoked	1
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	0
understand everyone 's point of view	1
highest power	1
is like a year late	0
something creepy and vague	0
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	0
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences	1
insipid , brutally clueless film	0
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and	1
that it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
stultifyingly obvious	0
virtuosic set pieces	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	1
mixed up together like a term paper	0
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud	0
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
, it 's not too bad .	1
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
old-fashioned storytelling	1
ballsy	1
cliché-riddled genre	0
's also one of the smartest	1
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
stand out	1
as bad	0
wars	0
undisciplined	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
there are great rewards here .	1
you might want to check it out	1
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two	1
understand her choices	1
unwieldy contraption .	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting	0
the hours , a delicately crafted film	1
worked wonders with the material	1
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
smart , funny look	1
politics , power and	1
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
unsalvageability	0
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered	0
gloom	0
, outrageous , ingenious	1
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie	0
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
a lot to recommend read my lips	1
enough substance	1
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
done , but slow	0
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie	1
does n't know what it wants to be	0
seems worse for the effort	0
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	0
their own comfortable niche	1
celebrated wonder	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
mesmerizing	1
is funny , insightfully human and	1
cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
vastly entertaining	1
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	0
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	1
's a very very strong `` b + .	1
will lead when given the opportunity	1
that remains vividly in memory long	1
delightfully cheeky	1
would reach for a barf bag	0
poorly written	0
you 'll cry for your money back .	0
sex	1
an interesting bit of speculation	1
goes straight to video	0
too clichéd and too often strains	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
too-conscientious adaptation	0
endure almost unimaginable horror	0
dying and loving	1
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
distinctive	1
, mayhem and stupidity	0
potentially interesting idea	1
go from stark desert	0
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	0
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
timely than its director could ever have dreamed	1
often strains	0
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,	1
your pooper-scoopers	0
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,	0
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have )	0
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables	0
'll be rewarded with some fine acting	1
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	0
elegance and	1
a bad movie	0
generates plot points	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze	1
does n't really go anywhere .	0
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep	0
is surprisingly brilliant ,	1
every bit as fascinating	1
is not the most impressive player	0
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
exceedingly memorable	1
by the sick sense of humor	0
swallow thanks to remarkable performances	1
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	0
more interesting	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
is left slightly unfulfilled .	0
is n't as sharp as the original	0
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
competent performers	1
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	0
tasty	1
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth	1
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure	0
make a pretty good team	1
is hell .	0
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect	1
a much better documentary	1
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed	0
quite worth	1
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,	0
its charm	1
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	0
seem barely in the same movie	0
timid	0
a pleasure	1
scores a direct hit	1
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
keep you watching ,	1
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent	1
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
old-fashioned , occasionally charming	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
opening up	1
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel	1
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
clever in spots	1
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	1
american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
an art	1
their own brightly colored dreams	1
annoying and	0
characteristic style	1
little narrative momentum	0
comes	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
is loopy and ludicrous	0
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or	0
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away	1
surprisingly	1
adventurous indian filmmakers	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and	1
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
as a durable part of the movie landscape	1
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
lush , swooning melodrama	1
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys	1
it takes to describe how bad it is	0
is rotten in the state of california	0
the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and	1
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start	1
suffers through this film	0
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's	0
got it right	1
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	0
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	0
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
generates	1
done cinematically	1
forceful drama	1
that has no teeth	0
in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short	0
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	1
to the energetic and always surprising performance	1
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige	0
the film 's saving graces	1
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief	1
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
bodily function jokes	0
larger-than-life figure	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	1
a compelling	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	1
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
with a big heart	1
worthy of the price of a ticket	1
that is beyond playing fair with the audience	0
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	1
the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
chan 's uniqueness	1
's really well directed	1
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait	1
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do	1
a fake street drama	0
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	0
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	1
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )	0
all sides	1
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	0
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	1
opulent	1
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining	1
worthwhile documentary	1
inspiring , ironic	1
odd and	0
an impressive roster	1
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	1
a sketchy work-in-progress	0
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
emerges as another key contribution	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	1
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
, insightfully human	1
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations	0
that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material	0
absolute delight	1
skillfully assembled	1
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous	0
overly convenient plot twists	0
highly uneven	0
of ` let 's get this thing over with	0
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,	0
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
that surprises or delights	1
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
, and intelligent	1
seriously intended	1
its just not a thrilling movie	0
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama	1
an admirable	1
coffee	1
provocative	1
beautiful and	1
greatest pictures	1
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .	1
buoyant , expressive flow	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it	1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york	0
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	1
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	0
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
mr. scorsese 's	1
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book	1
an ungainly movie ,	0
enjoying himself immensely	1
a very sincere work	1
exists ,	1
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
heartfelt performances	1
berry 's saucy ,	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	0
the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
divine monument	1
sleek and arty .	1
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
would have a good time here	1
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
cinematic disaster	0
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times	1
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
gives it a buoyant delivery	1
shrill and soporific , and because	0
really good premise	1
more fascinating look	1
induces a kind of abstract guilt ,	0
good natured	1
make the formula feel fresh	1
unexpectedly rewarding	1
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	1
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	1
grab your kids and run	0
it counts heart as important as humor	1
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
is just garbage	0
down to mediocrity	0
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch	0
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
leave you wanting to abandon the theater	0
it 's sweet .	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,	0
silly , stupid and pointless	0
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills	1
to sag in certain places	0
freshness , imagination and insight	1
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	1
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``	0
a cute partnership in i spy	1
extraordinarily rich landscape	1
dumb , narratively chaotic ,	0
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
swooning elegance	1
into a really funny movie	1
a positively thrilling combination	1
it has definite weaknesses	0
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
like a great missed opportunity	0
of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
of cliches	0
seems so real	1
realistically terrifying movie	1
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
an eviction notice	0
be fruitful	1
, i hate myself most mornings .	0
uniqueness	1
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
can admire	1
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody	1
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
that most frightening of all movies	1
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming	0
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further	0
its terrific performances	1
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
a james bond series for kids	1
as a landmark in film history	1
romanticization	1
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism	0
much like its easily dismissive	0
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
this woefully hackneyed movie ,	0
wise and powerful	1
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
first lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured	0
, passion , and genius	1
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
consider it ` perfection . '	1
funny , puzzling movie	1
loose , unaccountable	0
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
dead gorgeous	1
good for the goose	1
its lackluster gear	0
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
riveted to our seats .	1
are immaculate	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game	1
superb	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
've seen it all before	0
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites	0
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical	0
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --	0
worked so much better dealing in only one reality	0
were that grand a failure	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :	0
is duly impressive in imax dimensions ,	1
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	0
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,	1
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
put away the guitar , sell the amp ,	0
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
loud , witless mess	0
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
it looks good , but it is essentially empty	0
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	0
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,	1
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along	0
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
, tender and heart-wrenching	1
a bad-movie way	0
the rollicking dark humor	1
fit	1
feels incredibly hokey	0
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .	0
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently	1
inspiring hope	1
the four primary actors	1
look at morality , family , and social expectation	1
is fine	1
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
that the theme does n't drag an audience down	1
by the full monty	1
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
merely bad rather than	0
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality	1
static	0
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	1
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
much-needed levity	1
loosely tied	0
you should see this movie	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
to be something really good	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	0
sacrificing the integrity of the opera	0
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention	0
tragedy	0
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
, taut , piercing and feisty	1
clear and reliable an authority	1
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
sucks , but	0
an incoherent jumble	0
watered down the version of the one	0
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
the simpering soundtrack	0
beautifully sung holiday carol	1
here 's a fun one .	1
mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
that the movie has no idea of it is serious	0
is a convincing one , and	1
invites unflattering comparisons	0
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency	1
that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
is one baaaaaaaaad movie	0
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
, tasteless and idiotic	0
this delightful comedy	1
dared to mess with some powerful people	0
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe	0
nothing good	0
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	1
dim-witted and lazy spin-off	0
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
honest attempt to get at something	1
, steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
keep you wide awake and ... very tense	1
two marvelously	1
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride	1
, absurd collection	0
just utter ` uhhh , '	0
this crude ,	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
fairly irresistible package	1
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
a scary , action-packed chiller	1
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
tricky and satisfying as any of david	1
depressingly	0
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline	0
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
's a hellish	0
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise	1
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	0
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story	0
idiotically	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,	1
imperfect	0
delivers the goods	1
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
its sheer dynamism	1
morbid one	0
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .	0
distant	0
singing long after the credits roll	1
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
they are in this tepid genre offering	0
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
entertaining and informative	1
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and	1
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself	0
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
it is not worth	0
killer website movie	1
is just an overexposed waste of film	0
the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
an average b-movie	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as	1
bad and	0
would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
have otherwise been bland and	0
the hallucinatory drug culture	0
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work	1
the art direction is often exquisite ,	1
the story has its redundancies	0
crisper and punchier	1
's nice	1
pretty decent little documentary	1
observant of his characters	1
goes downhill .	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	1
likable story	1
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	0
ensures	1
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
not number 1	0
it is a copy of a copy of a copy	0
fairytale	1
as boring and	0
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
the misleading title	0
wizened	1
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama	0
subzero	0
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
banality	0
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime	1
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
a movie that 's held	1
supermarket tabloids	0
this kiddie-oriented stinker	0
inadvertent	0
any way of gripping what its point is ,	0
extravaganza	1
poo .	0
the broiling sun	0
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
is great	1
and satirical touches	1
someone going through the motions	0
, a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow	0
it looks good , sonny	1
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and	0
never catches fire	0
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
gutsy and	1
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
companionship	1
distinctly sub-par	0
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay	0
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes	1
have a story and a script	1
a wholesome fantasy	1
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .	0
virtually unwatchable	0
stirs us	1
big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
works on some levels	1
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot	0
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but	1
strong	1
sane and healthy	1
a well-crafted letdown .	0
win a wide summer audience	1
a bad idea from frame one	0
extraordinary film	1
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	1
whole package	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us	1
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
affectionately goofy satire	1
movies , television and the theater	1
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	0
that make it well worth watching	1
sweetest thing	1
really poor	0
very shapable but largely unfulfilling	0
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible	0
offensive and redundant	0
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .	1
numbness	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer	0
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration	0
quiet , confident craftsmanship	1
has considerable charm	1
itself , a playful spirit and	1
in its own simplicity	1
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	0
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
beautiful ,	1
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece ,	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible	1
more experimental in its storytelling	1
action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
turns the marquis de sade into a dullard	0
flounders	0
bad animation and mindless violence	0
a dream image	1
becomes too heavy for the plot	0
the hurried , badly cobbled look	0
to see over and over again	1
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor	1
as unusually and unimpressively fussy	0
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
is a bore	0
obscenely	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative	0
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
more than a movie	1
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	1
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
with all its flaws	0
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates	1
loud , chaotic and	0
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
irritates and saddens	0
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull	0
telling a fascinating character 's story	1
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	0
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut	1
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent	0
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely	0
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for	1
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --	0
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time	1
good-time	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here ,	0
disappointed by a movie	0
overbearing	0
without beauty or humor	0
incompetent cops	0
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride	1
robust	1
a dazzling dream	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller	1
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	0
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism	1
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip	0
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
thoughtful and rewarding	1
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	1
it is n't particularly funny	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	1
may be shallow	0
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	0
by talented writer/director anderson	1
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations	1
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made	0
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together	1
king lear	1
is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
it will be ,	1
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --	0
dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
run out of clever ideas and visual gags	0
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking	1
uncreative	0
a detailed historical document	1
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness	0
bring to imax	1
this comic gem	1
is so rich with period minutiae	1
too cynical	0
full-bodied performance	1
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
with superb performances throughout	1
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition	0
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
again and quite cheered at just that	1
, something is rotten in the state of california	0
to a satisfying crime drama	1
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
the greatest musicians	1
inspirational prep-school professors	1
likely to find compelling	1
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
their way around this movie directionless ,	0
's more enjoyable than i expected	1
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	0
intricately structured and well-realized	1
the field no favors	0
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
lush	1
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve	1
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce	0
the idiocy of its last frames	0
vivid , convincing	1
little else	0
is certainly worth seeing at least once	1
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
pleasant piece	1
yes , it 's as good as you remember .	1
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve	1
wretchedly unfunny wannabe	0
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	1
a stale , overused cocktail	0
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	0
directs , ideally	1
is fascinating ...	1
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and	1
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
collision	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before	0
trust an audience 's intelligence	1
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes	0
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime	1
loads of irreparable damage	0
often lethally dull	0
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
a hard time sitting through this one	0
cool visual backmasking	1
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film	1
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
dickens ' words	1
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
in the characters you see	1
another unoriginal run	0
flat ,	0
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
hitting your head	0
if you only had a week to live	0
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare	0
about each other against all odds	1
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree	0
restrictive	0
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	1
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	0
gives the lie to many clichés and	0
a fun and funky look	1
not-so-divine	0
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies	1
make this worth a peek	1
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and	1
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
best movies	1
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,	1
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously	1
refreshingly forthright one	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
the weird thing	0
refined	1
insultingly	0
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
single good film	1
funniest moments	1
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
ambitiously naturalistic	1
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	1
modern master	1
artistry	1
'll have a good time with this one too	1
a small movie with a big impact	1
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	0
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
plastered with one hollywood cliche	0
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
of exceptional honesty	1
all the way to the credits	1
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
, well-crafted psychological study	1
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	1
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe	0
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
should pay reparations to viewers	0
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable	0
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	1
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak	0
carry on their parents ' anguish	0
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
funny and poignant	1
ranges from bad	0
one-sidedness	0
how sandler is losing his touch	0
unimaginative screenwriter 's	0
touching , transcendent love story	1
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	1
cheapen the overall effect	0
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
some outrageously creative action in the transporter	1
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt )	0
is competent	1
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
stay away .	0
stylish sizzle	1
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
gives his best screen	1
at meaningful cinema	1
as a real movie	1
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	0
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	0
it throws you for a loop .	1
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	0
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and ,	0
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
to be somebody , and	1
the real deal	1
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
very amusing	1
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	1
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists	0
meaty	1
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting	0
all the wiggling energy	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,	1
the lord	1
falls far short	0
beautifully shot , but	1
's a very valuable film ...	1
an amusing little catch	1
gripping	1
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	0
of black indomitability	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry	1
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy	1
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and	1
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
an affectionate	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss	1
laid back	1
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another	1
overlong infomercial	0
rotten in the state of california	0
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	0
sucked .	0
rises to its clever what-if concept .	1
right actors	1
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	0
the movie rising above similar fare	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics	0
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	0
one of the greatest films	1
driver and goodfellas	1
clever , offbeat	1
you reach the finale	1
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
well-meant but unoriginal	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,	0
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
an embarrassment .	0
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself	0
is exceedingly pleasant	1
charming , sometimes infuriating	1
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
that is all the more remarkable because it	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	1
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
humorless	0
the worst film	0
described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
very moving and revelatory	1
it squanders chan 's uniqueness	0
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
drag audience enthusiasm	0
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
a ripping good yarn	1
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream	1
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
an interesting character	1
is n't a very	0
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
sweetness	1
as warm as it is wise	1
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	1
wears its empowerment	1
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline -	0
charisma and ability	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good	1
seen through the right eyes	1
creepy turn	0
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
is a weirdly beautiful place	1
is n't going to jell	0
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and	1
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic	0
is funny and looks professional .	1
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
immature and unappealing	0
colorful look	1
barbarism	0
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
are sweet and believable	1
the most pitiful directing	0
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
laugh riot	1
tragedies	0
naïveté and arbitrary	0
uni-dimensional nonsense machine	0
of afghan tragedies	0
remembering this refreshing visit	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama	0
the energetic and always surprising performance	1
and -- sadly -- dull	0
comes together as a coherent whole .	1
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
mishandled	0
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
pleasant enough -- and	1
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	1
of love , family and all that	1
extremely thorough	1
the funnybone thanks	1
that storytelling has value can not be denied .	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films --	1
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters	0
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects	1
-- sadly --	0
a sweet , even delectable diversion	1
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior	0
toilet humor ,	0
and completely ridiculous	0
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
beautiful , entertaining two hours	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite	0
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream	0
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch	0
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
heroic deserves a look	1
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
so appealing about the characters	1
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	1
by amateurish	0
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
are served with a hack script .	0
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable ,	1
seems a bit on the skinny side	0
good documentary	1
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
with us	1
have fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
, beautiful scene	1
bad blend	0
one of the worst movies of the year	0
should not	0
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed	0
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
is unconvincing	0
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
philosophers , not	0
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	0
nearly terminal	0
vibrant creative instincts	1
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	0
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook	1
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
is well worthwhile .	1
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
is awesome	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
class bores	0
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
absurd collection	0
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house	1
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
sinks	0
very very strong `` b +	1
ca n't even do that much .	0
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst	0
an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor	1
a nearly terminal case	0
wang )	0
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
savvy producer	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world	1
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
lifting the pedestal higher	1
to make their way through this tragedy	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	1
gangs	0
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
is that it stinks .	0
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer	0
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
picked me up , swung me around ,	1
runs on the pure adrenalin	1
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	0
love and familial	1
old-hat	0
dangerously collide	0
urbane sweetness	1
trailer-trash style	0
finds warmth in the coldest environment	1
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
cutting and blurry	0
wrap the proceedings up neatly	1
a great time	1
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
into the structure of relationships	1
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy	0
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	0
an inexplicable nightmare ,	0
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm	0
bravery	1
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
are side stories aplenty	1
oh , look at that clever angle !	1
it does n't make any sense	0
ego-destroying	0
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
only unsatisfactorily	0
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success	1
deliberately and skillfully uses	1
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
this leaden comedy	0
credulous , unassuming , subordinate	0
celluloid heaven	1
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
strong itch to explore more	1
dizzy	0
commander-in-chief	1
the best comedy concert movie	1
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue	0
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
oo many of these gross out scenes	0
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
a majestic achievement ,	1
are the greatest musicians of all time .	1
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat	1
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
outlandish	0
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
's splash without the jokes	0
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,	0
robotically	0
overtly disagreeable	0
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that	1
real-life story	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	1
unique and entertaining	1
of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
pointless	0
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances	1
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	0
best-known creation	1
illuminating	1
sly female empowerment movie	1
to the outstanding soundtrack	1
the story is bogus and	0
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	0
something fascinating	1
is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
technically sumptuous but also	1
the acting , for the most part	1
action-adventure buffs	1
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us	1
splendidly cast pair	1
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater	1
is nicely shot ,	1
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
flawed	0
surprisingly engrossing	1
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
do with imagination	1
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not	0
that appeals to me	1
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines	0
considerably less ambitious	0
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
so much first-rate talent	1
most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
its courageousness	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures	1
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room ''	0
anemic	0
schmaltzy and clumsily	0
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors	1
, it 's a pale imitation .	0
so primitive in technique	0
with originality , humor and pathos	1
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	1
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand	0
of dedicated artists	1
their idol 's energy and passion for detail	1
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle	1
trudge	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched	0
both thematic content and narrative strength	1
unmemorable filler	0
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized	0
a relative letdown .	0
a good race	1
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation	1
star-power potential	1
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater	1
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	0
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	1
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens	1
crudup 's screen presence	1
is a masterpiece	1
a lot more bluster than bite	0
combined with stunning animation	1
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's	1
self-determination	1
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
is n't as compelling or as believable	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	0
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that	0
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	1
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal	0
kinky fun	1
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	0
sensational true-crime	1
tries and tries hard	1
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	0
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love	1
bottom	0
is dark , brooding and slow ,	0
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	0
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year	0
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's	0
tired one	0
satisfy	1
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten	0
has its moments	1
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and	0
exercise in style and mystification	1
over-the-top trash	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and	1
its storytelling prowess and special effects	1
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side	1
charms	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import	0
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
funnier gags	1
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	1
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :	1
satisfaction	1
predictable outcome	0
a total misfire	0
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
manipulative whitewash	0
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
friend	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
endless assault	0
impressive achievement	1
rather toothless	0
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile	1
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	1
's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
inspired	1
skill and determination	1
grasping actors ' workshop that it is	0
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
merits	1
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire	0
a movie theater	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place	0
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture	1
showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse	0
too bland to be interesting	0
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	0
i see this piece of crap again	0
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
's definitely a step in the right direction	1
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
a perceptive study	1
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	1
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
made with an enormous amount of affection	1
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
you feel alive - which is what they did	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game	0
jaw-dropping	1
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film	0
a quaint , romanticized rendering	1
one of the worst films of the summer	0
lavish	1
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists	1
fairly predictable psychological thriller	0
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
the price of admission for the ridicule factor	0
a halfway intriguing plot	1
and insufferable ball	0
the condition of art	1
its thrills and extreme emotions	1
a disaster	0
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
the film buzz and whir	1
is pretty funny	1
a work of entertainment	1
more playful	1
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
notorious rise	1
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more	0
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view	1
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
heaven	1
that does not move	0
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater .	1
remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
a stirring road movie .	1
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
painfully padded .	0
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	0
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
but enjoyable documentary .	1
fine music	1
originality in ` life '	1
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	1
for laughs	1
-- and deeply appealing --	1
such a great one	1
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables	0
anyone who suffers through this film	0
thought-provoking	1
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
rough edges	0
get back to your car in the parking lot	0
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters	0
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
ultimate blame	0
an enjoyable choice	1
the movie 's charm	1
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant	0
complain	0
many excesses	0
melancholy	0
forgotten the movie	0
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	1
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand	1
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and	1
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
lives down to its title .	0
and surehanded direction	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,	0
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane	1
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	1
hate	0
feel realistic	1
a fierce dance	1
is a fascinating film	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
passionate enthusiasms	1
ordinary	0
of tastelessness and gall	0
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
foremost cinematic poet	1
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
a polished and vastly entertaining caper	1
the most impressive player	1
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one	1
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze	1
a thoughtful movie ,	1
in frustration	0
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
... a pretentious mess ...	0
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship	0
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	1
taylor 's cartoonish performance and	0
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
unlikable ,	0
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	0
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
near-fatal mistake	0
centers	1
joyous documentary	1
other than fling gags at it	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion	1
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings	1
's so striking about jolie 's performance	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then	1
an 88-minute rip-off	0
is more fully	1
half past dead is just such an achievement .	1
their cheap , b movie way	0
the film 's considered approach	1
viewed as pure composition and form --	1
to laugh , groan and hiss	1
wittier	1
about existential suffering	0
offers little insight	0
merely offensive	0
a true adaptation of her book	1
attractive throughout	1
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year	1
confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids	1
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
in the same old story	0
this u-boat does n't have a captain .	0
an intelligent , realistic portrayal	1
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and	0
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it	0
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,	0
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash	0
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
a few evocative images	1
clean	1
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects	1
the effort is sincere and	1
the action sequences -- clearly the main event --	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
terrific documentaries	1
doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
it also happens to be good	1
somewhat backhanded	0
a rerun	0
going to love the piano teacher	1
somebody might devote time to see it	0
to remarkable performances	1
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth )	0
immensely entertaining look	1
, it will be well worth your time .	1
like brosnan 's performance	1
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man	1
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
miracles	1
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
has it beat by a country mile	0
acts like a doofus	0
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
interesting work	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
destruction	0
, beautifully produced film	1
than franchise possibilities	1
low-grade cheese standards	0
better than the fiction	1
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	1
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
aimless ,	0
is plenty of fun for all .	1
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
first	1
quite vapid	0
be completely forgettable	0
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
standout performance	1
fling gags at it	0
embraces life in public	1
plenty to offend everyone	0
stirring road movie .	1
devoid of joy and energy	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	0
heated sexuality	1
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do	0
ever so gracefully --	1
typical	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
elaborate special effects	1
like a splendid meal	1
this turd	0
an often intense character study	1
wrapping the theater	1
, beautifully realized	1
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
nothing new to see	0
into a few evocative images and striking character traits	1
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
( herzog 's ) personal policy	1
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
first-class , thoroughly involving	1
a bland	0
make a splash even greater	1
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
it 's offensive	0
exhilarating	1
incredible storyline	1
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw	1
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
stories work	1
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
gifted artists	1
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored	1
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	1
maturity	1
potentially incredibly	1
is often way off	0
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
hollow , self-indulgent ,	0
one of the best gay love stories	1
the mark of a documentary that works	1
poorly	0
exceedingly dull	0
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast	1
wildly popular	1
engaging examination	1
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director	0
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
les	1
an uncomfortable experience ,	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120	0
a fine production with splendid singing	1
is magnificent	1
worse than you can imagine	0
blemishes	0
will nevertheless find moving	1
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	1
skilled actors	1
excels in spectacle and pacing	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera	1
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points	0
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
prejudice	0
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
terribly episodic and	0
a classic theater piece	1
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation	1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
sillier , cuter ,	1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
covers this territory with wit and originality ,	1
wishy-washy	0
is one of those rare pictures	1
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
a brilliant piece	1
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	0
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
ambiguities that make it well worth watching	1
everyone , especially movie musical fans	1
but strangely believable	1
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
beginnings	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy	0
the cast is spot on	1
a whole heap	0
the film is well worthwhile .	1
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	0
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes	1
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	0
obsessive	0
with imbecilic mafia	0
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
an athlete , a movie star ,	1
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
most good-hearted yet sensual	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through	0
more interesting -- and , dare i say ,	1
get	1
mawkish self-parody	0
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	1
is oscar-worthy .	1
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
, great to look at , and funny	1
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula	1
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships	1
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still	1
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten	0
that it appears not to have been edited at all	0
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
in the film that surprises or delights	1
thrilling	1
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	0
the original new testament stories so compelling	1
, you 'll like promises .	1
is a lumbering load of hokum but	0
cutesy romantic tale	1
foolish choices for advice	0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks	0
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	0
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	0
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you	1
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
vowing ,	1
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references	0
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
is a mediocre movie trying to get out	0
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
well shot	1
a crucial third act miscalculation	0
a fairly slow paced	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	0
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious	1
superior ''	1
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
on cotton candy	1
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
ridiculous bolero	0
brave , uninhibited	1
assured in its execution	1
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
right choices	1
, funnier .	1
shoddy product	0
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
where nothing really happens .	0
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue	1
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
cultivation and	1
so interesting	1
invaluable service	1
does n't give you enough to feel good about .	0
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	0
left a few crucial things out	0
with just as much intelligence	1
by a disastrous ending	0
should have been made for the tube .	0
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
abandon the theater	0
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light	0
with awe	1
it 's this rich and luscious	1
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history ,	1
degenerates into hogwash	0
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree	1
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
illustrated by a winning family story .	1
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this	1
is a convincing one	1
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
heartwarming yarn	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	0
to really care	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
a pleasing way	1
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance	0
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
poor casting	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart --	1
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here	0
offers a ray of hope	1
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang	1
really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
an impressive style	1
frozen tundra soap opera	0
are in place for a great film noir	1
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
's bright	1
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel	1
it sucked .	0
scummy	0
drop dead gorgeous	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
portuguese master manoel de oliviera	1
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	0
feel-good	1
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick	0
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted	0
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
become smug or sanctimonious	0
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,	1
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight	0
dazzling	1
one of the most original american productions this year	1
taylor 's cartoonish performance	0
wooden performances	0
a spirited film	1
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference	1
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama	0
disguised	0
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme	0
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	0
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	1
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
the grossest movie	0
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	1
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single	0
glinting charm	1
finely crafted	1
the predictable parent	0
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action	0
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
excellent latin actors	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies	0
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
are sweet and believable , and	1
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
dim-witted pairing	0
worthless ,	0
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet	1
i loved the look of this film .	1
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for	1
a true study , a film with a questioning heart	1
subtlety has never been his trademark	0
keep it up	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	0
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
contemporary southern adolescence	1
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling	0
problematic script	0
farce	0
meditative and	1
adrenalin	1
using his storytelling ability	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture	0
mysterious ,	1
turn down	0
fluid and mesmerizing	1
a heavy stench of ` been there , done	0
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	1
well-conceived	1
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	1
succeed	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	0
share their enthusiasm	1
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	0
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful	1
a cheap , ludicrous attempt	0
untalented artistes	0
despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
sluggish , tonally uneven	0
charms are immediately apparent	1
stay away	0
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
bona fide groaners	0
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
the french lieutenant 's woman	1
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	1
in getting under the skin of her characters	1
is frustratingly unconvincing	0
an endless trailer	0
cinema master class .	1
inauthentic	0
authenticate her british persona	1
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
substitute plot for personality	0
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
can depress you about life itself	0
surprising , subtle turn	1
a film that loses sight of its own story .	0
is a director to watch .	1
animation enthusiasts	1
sanitised and	0
good material	1
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness	1
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
able	1
rally to its cause ,	1
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
does a solid job	1
drooling idiots	0
proves itself a more streamlined	1
of sensual delights and simmering violence	1
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
verve and fun	1
hugely rewarding	1
serenity and poise	1
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	0
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	0
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too	0
, dishonest	0
cleverly written	1
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
so awful	0
a corn dog	0
the feeble examples	0
true-to-life characters	1
snl '' has-been	0
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
know the picture is in trouble .	0
shines	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	1
tired old	0
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
put through torture for an hour and a half	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors	0
too long with too little	0
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	0
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull	0
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee	1
sincerely crafted picture	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level	1
, obnoxious 88-minute	0
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory	0
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
remarkably insightful	1
poetry	1
generally a huge fan	1
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
directed , barely	0
in place for a great film noir	1
's still entertaining to watch the target practice	1
yes , that 's right	1
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
great equalizer	1
drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust	1
reopens an interesting controversy and	1
bring something new into the mix	1
is disposable	0
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	0
slick	1
fully ` rendered '	1
badder	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
hilarity .	1
don	1
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,	1
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet	0
important movie	1
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
inhuman cinematic punishment	0
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect	1
is casual and fun	1
entirely stale concept	0
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side	1
female friendship ,	1
stench	0
a must-see	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up	0
very believable	1
a really strong second effort	1
you 'll want things to work out	1
prefer this new version	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece	1
in a dead-end existence	0
cliched and contrived	0
dramatically lackluster	0
in boredom	0
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
sick society	0
cultural satire	1
with her actors	1
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk	0
darned assured	1
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
satisfyingly	1
easier to digest	1
is simply brilliant .	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .	0
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
provoked to intolerable levels	0
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,	1
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half	0
buy is an accomplished actress	1
wo n't be sorry	1
cinema classic	1
the substance it so desperately needs	0
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise	1
fantasy	1
demeaning	0
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate	1
a fireworks	1
draws you	1
succumbing to sentimentality	0
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy	1
a dreary tract	0
nearly perfect in their roles	1
perfunctory conclusion	0
keep it interested	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,	1
to match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	0
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
esoteric	1
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --	0
of a truly magical movie	1
smeary	0
's stylishly directed with verve	1
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
paper thin	0
want my money back	0
elicits strong performances	1
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	0
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits	0
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
a modestly surprising movie .	1
this gutter romancer 's	0
overdoing	0
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary	1
( tries ) to parody	0
develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
a dead-end existence	0
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish	1
need to try very hard	0
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one	0
's already been too many of these films ...	0
polished , well-structured film	1
comes off like a hallmark commercial	0
patchy	0
let the subtitles fool you	0
of that special fishy community	1
vile	0
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but	0
the art demands live viewing .	1
cagney 's ` top of the world '	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
sheer unbridled delight	1
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
like all four of the lead actors a lot	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project	0
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
an exquisite , unfakable sense	1
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
turning into a black hole of dullness	0
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait	1
's kinda dumb .	0
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
gritty realism and magic realism	1
the best advice	1
lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
a jaunt down memory lane for teens	1
new york locales and sharp writing	1
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
more complex	1
deafening	0
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws	1
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images	1
is such a perfect medium for children ,	1
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions	0
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational	1
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
trashy fun	1
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	1
dismiss -- moody	0
a loathsome movie	0
sweet , charming tale	1
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
combined with the misconceived final 5	0
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
deal funnier	1
is repeated at least four times .	0
offers big , fat , dumb	0
tender sermon	1
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
one 's appetite for the bollywood films	1
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
, hole-ridden plotting	0
crisper and	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,	0
the comic possibilities	1
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	1
daring and	1
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	1
would tax einstein 's brain	0
cringing	0
induce sleep than fright	0
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
painful to watch	0
unsuccessful attempt	0
much of it is funny , but	1
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity	1
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
a life like this can sound so dull	0
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
bore .	0
is nevertheless compelling	1
your idea of a good time	1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...	1
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
incorporates so much	1
hideously twisted	0
zero compelling storyline	0
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places )	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god	1
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
excruciatingly unfunny	0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you	0
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
limitations	0
sterile and	0
a remarkably cohesive whole ,	1
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
moving and stark	1
of becoming a better person through love	1
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots	1
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
be best forgotten	0
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	0
my own tortured psyche	0
be a different kind of film	1
, humorous , illuminating study	1
a clever adaptation	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,	1
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	1
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one	0
solid movie	1
murk	0
confusing sexual messages	0
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing	1
a handful of smart jokes	1
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .	1
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
low-tech	0
is solid , satisfying fare for adults	1
efficiency and an affection for the period	1
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	0
astonishingly	1
adventure movie	1
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	1
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any	0
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains	1
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
a-list	1
hideous	0
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off	0
unified	1
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film	0
in the wrong hands	0
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	1
aged past his prime	0
did n't laugh .	0
shows moments of promise but	1
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
film : honest	1
in unexpected ways , touching	1
from a flat script and a low budget	0
quick-witted than any english lit	1
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
prime mystery	1
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,	1
its social and political potential	1
true talent	1
the comic opportunities richly rewarded	1
are enthralling	1
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way	0
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score	1
see it	1
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	0
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective	0
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works	1
a choppy ending	0
wafer-thin movie	0
ever released by a major film studio .	1
a film that has nothing	0
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study	1
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	0
that are quite touching	1
no way original , or even	0
evil , monstrous lunatic	0
dwindles .	0
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries	1
good actors , good poetry	1
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	1
embarrassed	0
displays in freshening the play	1
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
at the helm	1
most elusive	1
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget	0
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
without placing their parents in a coma-like state	1
plodding teen remake	0
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	1
's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
no good inside dope	0
shot on ugly digital video .	0
a psychological mystery	1
dumbed-down version	0
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
this might have been an eerie thriller	0
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
, it already has one strike against it .	0
will please eastwood 's loyal fans	1
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	0
the delicious trimmings	1
at times it 's simply baffling	0
gross-out college comedy	0
flops	0
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
to feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,	1
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
bogging down	0
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
carries you	1
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism	1
another `` best man ''	1
worthy entry	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance	0
sufficiently	1
stains	0
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	0
outweigh the positives	0
environmental pollution ever made	0
i realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
inane and awful	0
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
scuzzy	0
unacceptable	0
the overuse of special effects	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious	1
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together	1
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong	1
won -- and wins still	1
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away	0
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
winning comedy	1
will win you over , in a big way	1
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	0
be any flatter	0
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances	1
take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
for a director i admire	1
by that measure , it is a failure .	0
a suspenseful spin	1
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie	0
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
this girl	1
a glorious dose	1
, truths emerge .	1
awful acts	0
providing some good old fashioned spooks	1
hop beat	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome	1
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
is bad	0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	0
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
to the edge of their seats	1
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	1
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
equal laughs	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	0
as pedestrian as they come .	0
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
looking down at your watch and	0
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd	1
early laughs	1
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	0
, comedy and romance	1
itself , a playful spirit	1
really a thriller	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,	0
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
interesting and	1
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker	1
sinister inspiration	1
cheap junk and	0
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .	1
fascinating examination	1
decrepit freaks	0
almost unimaginable horror	0
dumb comedy	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	1
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	0
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet	0
well-shaped dramas	1
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	1
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
rich and full	1
a crowdpleaser	1
offers an unexpected window	1
a surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
is wise	1
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening	0
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
have the best of both worlds	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
wicked	1
what gives human nature its unique feel	1
sex with strangers is a success .	1
and crudely literal	0
takes its title all too literally	0
pack your knitting needles .	0
made but uninvolving	0
sweet	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	0
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	1
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
sensitive acting	1
pompous and garbled .	0
very slow , uneventful	0
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee	0
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race	1
a strong sense of humanism	1
plain old blarney	0
held my interest precisely	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	1
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie	0
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
this cliche pileup	0
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	0
realized through clever makeup design ,	1
a beautiful film ,	1
charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	1
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
cold fish	0
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy	1
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild	0
comatose ballerinas	0
dimming	0
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	0
genuine acting	1
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad	0
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice	0
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean	0
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	0
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	0
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing	0
does n't manage to hit all of its marks	0
technical achievement	1
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	0
struggle	0
there are lulls	0
has done excellent work here	1
outrageous or funny	1
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
lacks depth .	0
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	0
the movie sputters	0
an inspired portrait	1
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
message-mongering moralism	0
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	1
similarly themed	1
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	0
simply and eloquently	1
a worthless film	0
worth cheering as a breakthrough	1
pinheads	0
say nothing of boring	0
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious	1
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
( t ) his slop	0
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development	0
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
its characters and communicates something	1
the original hit movie	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
is way too stagy	0
's not that funny --	0
seem tired and ,	0
dullest science fiction	0
madonna is one helluva singer .	1
some very good comedic songs	1
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	0
sprung to life	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
this wafer-thin movie	0
, energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
lost dreams	0
succeeds in making us believe	1
make you think about existential suffering	1
racist humor	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .	0
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	1
which is worth seeing	1
're at the right film .	1
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons	1
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
being real	1
juiceless	0
the adjective ` gentle '	1
a marvel of production design	1
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
blazing	1
never lacks in eye-popping visuals	1
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
loses its sense of humor	0
veered off too far	0
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies	0
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	1
's even more remarkable	1
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .	0
forced	0
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
the world 's best actors	1
the occasional belly laugh	1
without any of the pretension associated with the term	1
pack your knitting needles	0
lend some dignity to a dumb story	0
best possible senses	1
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	1
on no level whatsoever for me	0
is this so boring ?	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	1
predictable denouement	0
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series	0
rich detail condensed	1
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
a delightful , well-crafted family film	1
may have to keep on looking .	0
drag two-thirds through ,	0
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth	1
the best actors	1
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
, but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages	1
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens	0
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
ache by the end of kung pow	0
ample	1
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
lethargically	0
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling	1
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
funny scenes	1
a fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
losin '	0
one of the great minds of our times	1
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
top-notch british actor	1
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
my greatest pictures ,	1
might actually want to watch	1
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
a well loved classic	1
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream	1
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
ultimate scorsese film	1
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :	1
impressive style	1
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
nagging	0
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but	1
remarkably cohesive whole	1
plays like some corny television	0
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	1
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity	0
criticism	0
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	0
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for	1
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy	0
stale and clichéd to a fault	0
a fine ,	1
of the plot ` surprises '	1
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
a film that plays things so nice	1
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	0
scrap	0
originality	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ...	1
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness	0
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
much worse than bland	0
the performances are so overstated	0
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism	1
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and	1
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
happiness	1
an intensely lived time ,	1
are still looking for a common through-line	0
do well to cram earplugs	0
starts off so bad	0
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	0
often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
you find comfort in familiarity	1
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
quite entertaining	1
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
without any redeeming value whatsoever .	0
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	0
need comforting fantasies about mental illness	0
the trailer is a riot .	1
of ' a nightmare	0
but still entertaining	1
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
's never too late to learn	1
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	0
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling	0
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
elegantly colorful look	1
tries its best	1
all-time great apocalypse movies	1
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
of bittersweet camaraderie and history	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	0
solid , satisfying fare for adults	1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	0
with soul	1
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo	1
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
almost perpetually wasted	0
that will amuse or entertain them	1
marveling	1
an amateurish screenplay	0
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark	1
is genuinely witty	1
kind of special	1
camaraderie	1
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
i certainly ca n't recommend it	0
drug-induced bowel	0
a source of high hilarity	1
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,	1
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	0
clichéd and	0
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
, intelligence and verve	1
shapeless inconsequential move	0
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
predictable , manipulative stinker	0
critical and commercial disaster	0
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care	0
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular	1
classic fairy tale	1
dehumanizing and	0
of masterpiece	1
a fascinating character	1
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	0
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,	0
high-powered star pedigree	1
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
big time	1
irredeemably awful	0
for a summer of good stuff	1
revelatory performance	1
so downbeat and nearly humorless	0
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	1
waste	0
spout hilarious dialogue	1
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise	0
trust laughs	1
personal low	0
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2	1
of abuse	0
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,	1
downright intoxicating	1
is meaningful or memorable	1
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
winning family story	1
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	0
it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera	0
lack of thematic resonance	0
the stunt work is top-notch ;	1
positive change	1
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
plenty of laughs	1
a feast for the eyes	1
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking	1
both a beautifully	1
blessed with a searing lead performance	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility	0
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency	1
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
was worth your seven bucks	1
a real writer plot	1
eloquent clarity	1
screaming but yawning	0
intimidated by both her subject matter and	0
intimate and socially encompassing	1
're far better served by the source material	0
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
that the franchise 's best years are long past	0
fitting	1
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	1
big , fat , dumb	0
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	1
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	0
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale	0
connection or identification frustratingly	0
delivers .	1
does n't live up to the exalted tagline	0
amazingly	1
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol	0
lively songs	1
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line	0
a schlocky creature	0
a more annoying , though	0
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action	0
off-kilter dialogue	0
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman	0
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
fits into a classic genre ,	1
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
personal loss	0
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell	1
happy	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose	1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
its ultimate demise	0
more enjoyable	1
in no small part thanks to lau	1
as-nasty -	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and	1
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
did n't mean much to me and	0
no affinity for most of the characters	0
damning and damned compelling .	1
has n't been worth caring about	0
gently tedious in its comedy	0
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
of denial	0
enough sweet and	1
good for this sucker	1
lasting traces	1
to fulfill its own ambitious goals	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic	1
be found a tough beauty	1
energetic and always surprising	1
great over-the-top	1
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects	1
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	1
is generally amusing from time to time	1
its premise is smart , but	1
that 's hardly any fun to watch	0
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
raw comic energy	1
returns to his son 's home	1
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes	0
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
do n't	0
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment	1
, unfunny one	0
artificiality	0
a hilarious place to visit	1
a clear sense of purpose	1
begin to long for the end credits	0
exceptional thriller	1
formulaic and forgettable	0
blandness	0
wonderfully sprawling	1
, sexist	0
dullest tangents	0
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee	1
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
dubious	0
painful	0
an interesting slice of history .	1
it 's pleasant enough	1
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	0
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
famous moments	1
higher	1
poor remake	0
shamelessly enjoyed it	1
edge to it	1
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud	0
kids-and-family-oriented	1
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
of the same old garbage	0
derrida is all but useless	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	0
there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
amazingly lame .	0
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )	1
to some talented performers	1
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings	1
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	1
of the things costner movies are known for	1
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer	0
almost never fails him	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --	0
that 's where the film ultimately fails	0
gently political	1
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	0
a spontaneity	1
horse feathers	0
destructive	0
's very little	0
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory	0
exquisite motion picture	1
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media	0
sweeping , dramatic	1
a cheap thriller	0
a film , and such a stultifying ,	0
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
elegantly appointed	1
woody allen has really found his groove these days .	1
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	0
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief	1
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it	1
silly , outrageous , ingenious	1
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
that even tunney ca n't save	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and	1
laziest	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes	0
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
slow , uneventful	0
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	1
a creaky `` pretty woman ''	0
... it 's robert duvall !	1
, tedious	0
harsh conceptual exercise	0
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity	1
freddy gets molested	0
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	0
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
too convoluted	0
, compelling story	1
alone is worth the price of admission .	1
move over bond	1
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
's drab .	0
in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
rightly	1
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
is truly funny ,	1
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
of the best short story writing	1
leave you cold	0
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
a nice change	1
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	1
barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
of new york locales and sharp writing	1
well made	1
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
an inferior level	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	0
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	0
lift the spirits of the whole family	1
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes	1
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned	0
it will stay with you	1
some delightful work on indie projects	1
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original	1
something hip and transgressive	1
an odd show , pregnant with moods ,	0
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
funny pace	1
-- and disposable story	0
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
inelegant	0
right questions	1
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
the gorgeous piano and	1
to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
loss and loneliness	0
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental	1
would seem to be surefire casting	1
this romantic comedy	1
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying	1
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,	0
saves	1
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen	0
qualities	1
bad at a fraction the budget	0
engrossing melodrama	1
interesting ''	1
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	1
a lobotomy	0
made nature film and a tribute	1
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	0
often exciting	1
dahmer	0
signing	1
in search of a better movie experience	0
as they do in this marvelous film	1
the pushiness and decibel volume	0
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --	1
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
clever adaptation	1
visible enthusiasm	1
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
its gender politics , genre thrills	1
interesting bit	1
struggled	0
better	1
overproduced	0
utter mush ...	0
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
suffer the same fate	0
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut	1
a gentle , unforced intimacy	1
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
far funnier	1
demands and receives excellent performances	1
regret , love , duty and friendship	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long	1
thoroughly engrossing and	1
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	0
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
's not a fresh idea	0
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone	1
gasping at its visual delights	1
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
almost peerlessly unsettling .	0
straight-to-video movie	0
just about the surest bet	1
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
the film falters	0
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story	1
look at that clever angle	1
a cesspool	0
artificial suspense	0
bittersweet	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but	0
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	1
convey a tiny sense of hope	1
a high note	1
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
visually	1
with first love sweetly	1
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
become annoying and artificial	0
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent	1
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
fail to crack a smile at	0
an important , original talent in international cinema	1
wasting away inside unnecessary films	0
canada 's arctic light	1
is trash	0
in by the sympathetic characters	1
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
sun-splashed whites	1
sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
, virulently unpleasant excuse	0
makes little attempt	0
defiantly and delightfully against the grain	1
excellent choice	1
attractive about this movie	1
major movie	1
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
, it 's still not a good movie	0
feel-bad ending	0
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
tackles more than she can handle	0
reverie	1
were once amusing	0
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story	1
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all	1
draws its considerable power from simplicity .	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,	1
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically	1
commanding	1
potent exploration	1
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
fears	0
her grace	1
spot	1
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either	0
seems like someone going through the motions	0
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip	0
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
most basic	1
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
welcome perspective	1
has popped up with more mindless drivel	0
so many talented people	1
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
gleefully	1
content	1
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
stirring visual sequence	1
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed	1
the awe	1
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and	0
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
of extremely talented musicians	1
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain	1
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer	0
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
caring for animals and respecting other cultures	1
bracingly truthful antidote	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained	0
, fun , popcorn movies	1
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom	0
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook	0
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones	0
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	0
cute partnership	1
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	1
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	1
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline	1
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
as the protagonists struggled	0
winningly	1
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	1
a witty , whimsical feature debut	1
'll love this movie	1
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
artificial structure	0
the unmistakable stamp of authority	1
quickly forgettable	0
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
with raw urban humor	1
is one of the year 's best	1
a revealing look	1
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion	1
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
strong and confident work	1
of veracity and narrative grace	1
seriously dumb characters ,	0
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends	0
feels rigged and sluggish	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	0
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	1
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
delightful in the central role	1
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
refreshingly	1
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad	0
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,	0
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	0
is in trouble	0
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	1
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
drowning 's too good for this sucker .	0
tastelessness and gall	0
as one of the great films about movie love	1
of being boring	0
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and	0
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	1
of the ugly american	0
ended so damned soon	0
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
indescribably bad	0
inspiring , ironic , and	1
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
seat	1
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
eight legged freaks ?	0
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments	1
funny yet dark	1
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud	1
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once	1
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	0
turns into an ocean of trouble	0
is such a sweet and sexy film	1
viva le resistance	1
triumphantly	1
going through the motions	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination	0
ever-growing category	1
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
the , yes , snail-like pacing and	0
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank	0
a coherent whole	1
enjoy the ride	1
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	1
beauty or humor	1
opens today	1
confusing and horrifying vision	0
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
finds his inspiration	1
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships	0
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
grabs you	1
observant .	1
the music makes a nice album ,	1
correctly	1
honestly , i do n't see the point	0
full of grace	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ,	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie	1
to hate	0
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	1
a way that few movies have ever approached	1
the only thing i laughed at	0
marginal intelligence	0
to unexpected heights	1
the beach	1
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	0
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	1
the artistry of making a film	1
lustrous polished visuals	1
help but engage an audience	1
manages , with terrific flair ,	1
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
are odd and pixilated	0
cheesy backdrops ,	0
is almost certainly	1
an undeniably moving film to experience	1
feels like a spectator and not a participant	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	0
flounders under the weight of too many story lines	0
disappointingly thin slice	0
but no-nonsense human beings they are and	1
for an unfocused screenplay	0
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	1
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor	1
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	1
somewhat clumsy	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and	1
a shakespearean tragedy	0
is a real filmmaker	1
familiar road	1
offers chills	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour	0
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and	1
clever credits roll	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece	1
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
thought the relationships were wonderful	1
warm and winning	1
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	0
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	0
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
sobering and powerful documentary	1
unbearably beautiful	1
meandering , and sometimes dry	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen	1
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
of quiet desperation	0
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
brought off with considerable wit	1
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire	1
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
its own languorous charm	1
cleverly constructed scenario	1
to keep things interesting	1
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	1
sneering humor	1
might not have noticed	0
everything too safe	0
at best	1
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity	1
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy	1
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
make a terrific effort	1
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	0
forget its absurdity .	0
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
- hour , dissipated length .	0
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
failing , ultimately ,	0
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring	0
make interesting	1
imax in short	1
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	0
tell you	1
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor	0
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school	0
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react	0
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
because there 's no rooting interest	0
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
disrobed most of the cast ,	0
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid	1
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste	1
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding	0
intrigue and human-scale characters	1
punishable by chainsaw	0
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
of low-budget filmmaking	0
that delivers a surprising	1
's not really funny	0
mesmerizing one	1
that have reinvigorated the romance genre	1
the film is competent	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	0
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	0
with a grand whimper	0
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year	1
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed	1
target practice	1
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore	1
's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,	1
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	0
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
ugly as the shabby digital photography	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time	1
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
gender-bending comedy	1
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
as delicately calibrated in tone	1
caliber cast	1
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently	0
christian parents	1
the spectacle	1
the inspiration of the original	1
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
to blue hilarity	1
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man	1
he does best	1
good actors , good poetry and	1
becomes more specimen than character	0
fuel our best achievements and other times	1
deniro 's once promising career	0
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile	0
the self-destructiveness	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress	1
repulse	0
really stupid	0
the piano teacher is not an easy film .	0
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
been edited at all	0
makes him the film 's moral compass	1
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear	1
unstable	0
are very , very good reasons for certain movies	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner	0
smart and taut .	1
goofily endearing and well-lensed	1
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies	1
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	1
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
vastly improved germanic version	1
expert comic timing	1
bolster director and co-writer	1
can find humor	1
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
is , as comedy goes ,	1
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial	0
, pointless , stupid	0
lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema	1
features some decent performances	1
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	1
bittersweet contemporary comedy	1
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	0
better than its predecessor	1
replaced by romance-novel platitudes	0
is actually quite entertaining .	1
the very definition of epic adventure	1
the film 's lack of personality	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short	0
the sorriest and	0
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor	1
's the image that really tells the tale	1
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier	1
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	1
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy	1
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
classic	1
squandering	0
oscar-nominated	1
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
hypnotic portrait	1
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions	0
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
episodic choppiness ,	0
might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	1
-- you 'll love this movie .	1
impressive	1
good humor	1
all of this , and more	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry	0
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
performances of exceptional honesty	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	0
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
freshness	1
is good , except its timing	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession	1
some comic sparks	1
that was n't all that great to begin with	0
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	1
adequately	1
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
a treatise on spirituality	1
successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
relegated to a dark video store corner	0
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	1
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
be intriguing	1
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	0
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	1
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
so lackluster	0
good fight	1
splendor	1
pleasurable movies	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	1
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries	1
the comic effects	1
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
seen it all before	0
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula	1
a touching , sophisticated film	1
of impressive talent	1
balances both traditional or modern stories together	1
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity	1
any shoddy product	0
it was going to be	1
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character	0
are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
most effective	1
the first film so special	1
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	1
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,	0
a classical dramatic animated feature	1
small , human moments	1
into melancholia	0
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
scalds like acid	0
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
all awkward , static ,	0
an ease in front of the camera	1
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	0
important director	1
technically proficient and	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	1
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history	1
manages to be even worse than its title	0
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
so heartwarmingly motivate	1
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy	1
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	0
humanistic	1
craziness	0
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	0
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
the problem with wendigo	0
the climactic burst of violence	0
brainless ,	0
beautifully shot , delicately	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and	1
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season	1
belly laugh	1
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama	1
lasting traces of charlotte 's web	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film	1
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie	1
even more important	1
an almost unbearably morbid	0
plodding mess	0
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic	0
exploitation	0
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
the euphoria	1
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	0
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
maintains suspense on different levels	1
daughter	1
this engaging mix	1
communicate the truth of the world	1
hit you from the first scene	1
of being able to give full performances	1
an immensely appealing couple	1
simply	1
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...	1
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball	0
with heart and humor	1
heartily sick	0
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	0
really tells the tale	1
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature	1
did n't hate this one	1
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
hot	1
was a guilty pleasure	1
, no matter how degraded things get .	0
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
from the dull	0
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
very capable nailbiter	1
straight-ahead thriller	1
dips key moments from the film	0
listless and	0
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
intriguing and	1
, you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding	1
the whole thing never existed	0
smile	1
very strong	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
worth your seven bucks	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but	0
fine , nuanced lead performances	1
nutty cliches and far too much	0
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
less than adorable	0
has no character , loveable or otherwise	0
clumsy and	0
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
is virtually unwatchable	0
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform ,	0
romantic and serenely	1
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
touchingly	1
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters	1
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
a worthwhile effort	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	1
is built on a potentially interesting idea	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense ,	1
an ebullient affection	1
polished ,	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s	1
wickedly funny	1
shallow	0
how good	1
direct-to-video/dvd category	0
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so	0
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
about female friendship that men can embrace and women	1
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
tender and heart-wrenching	1
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
another wholly unnecessary addition	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	1
a very well-meaning movie , and it	1
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,	1
summer blockbuster	1
none of this is very original	0
shakespeare 's eloquent language	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	0
satisfying niblet	1
a different movie -- sometimes tedious --	0
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness	0
about love and culture	1
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
familiar and tired	0
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
slap her	0
told a nice little story in the process	1
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	1
's all bluster and cliché	0
it 's great cinematic polemic	1
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
best actor	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	0
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events	1
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles	1
first love sweetly	1
'll still have a good time .	1
to abandon the theater	0
folds under its own thinness	0
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made	1
truly larger-than-life character	1
a funny yet dark and seedy clash	1
connect with on any deeper level	1
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	1
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --	1
is the director 's talent .	1
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes	0
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters	0
plainly dull	0
romantic comedy	1
fascinating profile	1
into a future they wo n't much care about	0
a heck of a ride	1
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
the writing is insipid	0
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	1
the film is well under way --	1
abomination	0
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
i was beginning to hate it	0
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	0
tells us nothing new	0
no way original ,	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -	1
very handsomely produced let-down	0
( and lovely	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters	1
children behave like adults and everyone	0
one of this year 's very best pictures	1
aimlessness	0
one of the best rock documentaries ever .	1
biologically	1
ultimately hollow mockumentary	0
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
a twisted sense	1
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility	0
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	0
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
have the highest production values you 've ever seen	1
most romantic comedies ,	1
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
look like a masterpiece	1
a great piece of filmmaking	1
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear	1
tasteful little revision works	1
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	0
is banal in its message and the choice of material	0
irrepressible passion	1
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull	0
is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
good yarn-spinner	1
itself -- as well its delightful cast --	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to	1
its total promise	1
tosses around sex toys and offers	0
high-octane thriller	1
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up	1
nervy and	1
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
a diverse and astonishingly articulate	1
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )	0
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
has a rather unique approach to documentary .	1
its visual appeal	1
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it	0
sweet and sexy	1
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half	0
nalin	1
quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that	0
never quite ignites .	0
sometimes quite funny	1
wonder , hope and magic	1
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
made watchable by a bravura performance	1
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
of diverse political perspectives	1
can make people act weird	0
slightly pokey	0
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
a grating ,	0
college keg party	0
achieve	1
a terrific b movie --	1
is too bad	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
, miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences	0
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
jumps around with little logic or continuity	0
world-renowned	1
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty ,	0
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
this is going to be something really good	1
bores	0
bill plympton , the animation master	1
chimes in on the grieving process and	1
a great missed opportunity	0
the most offensive action	0
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .	0
as simple self-reflection meditation	1
certainly	1
's far from a frothy piece	1
adams just copies from various sources	0
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel	0
pretty valuable	1
know the band or the album 's songs by heart	1
marvelous first	1
are consistently delightful .	1
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender	0
decent ones	1
of hope	1
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell	0
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .	1
has done his homework and	1
clever dialogue and likeable characters	1
inane and unimaginative	0
, and beautifully shot	1
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes ,	1
is that it 's far too sentimental	0
very best	1
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
its delightful cast	1
would know what to make of this italian freakshow	0
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	1
thinly sketched story	0
auspicious feature debut	1
been so aggressively anti-erotic	0
both shallow and dim-witted	0
with an undeniable energy	1
dull effects	0
most beautiful , evocative	1
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --	0
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
as director of the escort service was inspired	1
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on	0
its idiocy	0
sensuous and spirited	1
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue	1
bad reviews	0
dead dog	0
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it	0
oozing with attractive men	1
i laughed throughout the movie	1
the touch	1
rip-off	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	1
a riveting story	1
forged in still-raw emotions	1
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --	1
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
bittersweet film	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
his dependence on slapstick	0
a winning piece	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
bolstered by exceptional performances and	1
detective story	1
capable thriller	1
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
modestly made	1
outstanding performance	1
geriatric dirty harry	0
is worth your time ,	1
that few movies are able to accomplish	1
backbone	1
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
holds itself	1
valuable	1
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject	0
remarkable because it	1
first major studio production	1
well-behaved film	1
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de	1
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
is both gripping and compelling	1
flawed but engrossing	1
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	1
sincere acting	1
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	1
is n't heated	0
marred beyond redemption	0
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times	1
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing	0
much stranger than any fiction	0
is strange and compelling	1
that the film is never dull	1
old bad trip	0
superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
genre-busting	1
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
surprisingly charming and even witty	1
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ...	0
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
to the core	1
baaaaaaaaad movie	0
wide-eyed	1
the movie is certainly not number 1	0
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	1
's a spirited film and a must-see	1
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	0
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	1
hate this one	0
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation	1
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that	1
a half-hearted fluke	0
also rocks	1
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
convinced that these women are spectacular	1
worthwhile themes	1
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
a masterpiece --	1
a thriller with an edge	1
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,	1
brushes	1
enthusiastic	1
no lika	0
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
resident evil is not it	0
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy	0
carlos	1
you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
it 's crafty , energetic and smart	1
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	1
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	0
when none of them are ever any good	0
manage to hit all of its marks	1
besides its terrific performances	1
a worthwhile environmental message	1
demeaning its subjects	0
not a word of english	0
masterpiece	1
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
not-so-funny gags	0
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more	0
funny , moving yarn	1
is n't that funny	0
this bold move works	1
would be terrific to read about	1
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
it almost loses what made you love it	0
one splendidly cast pair	1
little visible talent	0
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
providing comic relief	1
is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
far-flung , illogical , and	0
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises	0
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
the free-wheeling noir spirit	1
something i would rather live in denial about	0
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	1
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	0
does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	0
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
beyond its formula	1
seeing things from new sides	1
japan bustling	1
a very valuable film	1
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout	0
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions	1
grant is certainly amusing , but	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
a pretty good job	1
's a minor treat	1
smile-button	1
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
a lovely film for the holiday season	1
that good	1
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
like an overcooked soufflé	0
and choppy recycling	0
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	0
off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
the familiar topic of office politics	1
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary	1
affirming and	1
won	1
` hip '	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag	0
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
absurdity	0
at hostile odds with one another	0
the odd enjoyably chewy lump	1
sermonize	0
, labute continues to improve .	1
with vibrance and warmth	1
flimsy flicks	0
miracle	1
very well-acted	1
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
captive by mediocrity .	0
steers clear of the sensational and	1
stylish	1
for industrial-model meat freezers	0
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
that should be thrown back in the river	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	0
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait	1
unoriginal	0
wholesome and subversive	1
a backbone	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...	1
annoying rather than charming	0
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
a brutal and funny	1
seems embarrassed	0
storytelling	1
that it 's far too sentimental	0
downright creepy	0
big time stinker	0
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	1
be captivated ,	1
as do the girls ' amusing personalities	1
humorless and	0
to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and	1
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else	0
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
is n't as funny as it should be	0
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things	1
renowned	1
enhances the excellent performances	1
's surprisingly decent	1
can be numbing	0
with its wry observations	1
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	0
fun one	1
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context	0
a superfluous sequel	0
feel alive -	1
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
's a sad , sick sight	0
good race	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense	0
of a fanciful motion picture	1
should please history fans	1
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
overwhelming pleasure	1
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
created a beautiful canvas	1
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman	1
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t.	1
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint	1
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	1
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
's definite room for improvement .	0
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	0
continuity errors	0
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	0
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
inauthentic at its core	0
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired	0
more if it had just gone that one step further	0
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
a minor treat	1
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ...	0
the film ) works	1
won --	1
a tremendous , offbeat sense	1
daring and verve	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up	1
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story	0
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man	0
artistic significance	1
magic and whimsy	1
( the film ) works	1
childlike smile	1
yet compelling	1
foul up shum 's good intentions	0
xxx	0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
do n't even bother to rent this on video .	0
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it	0
that works	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	0
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on	0
is that it does n't make any sense	0
is n't entirely persuasive	0
might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers --	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and	0
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
genuine insight	1
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters	0
timeless and unique	1
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	0
want the story to go on and on	1
full well	1
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
the most inventive	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
with a treasure chest of material	1
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and	0
wishing that you and they were in another movie	0
are made for each other .	1
a high-minded snoozer .	0
with too little	0
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work	0
ludicrous terms	0
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action	0
i realized that i just did n't care	0
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
no .	0
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators	1
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	1
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .	0
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,	1
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
throw each other out windows	0
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth	1
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	1
very amusing	1
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
do n't even bother to rent this on video	0
writer-director david jacobson and	1
if downbeat ,	0
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt	0
the characters are based on stock clichés	0
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful	1
no point	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and	1
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
for a painful ride	0
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
must have been astronomically bad	0
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
that try too hard to be mythic	0
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought	1
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines	0
's nowhere near as exciting as either	0
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
laudable in themselves	1
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years	1
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative	0
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point	1
courage and happiness	1
give us real situations and characters	1
elegant technology	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,	0
her pale , dark beauty and	1
gorgeously	1
too sappy	0
delete key	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so	1
to the otherwise bleak tale	0
long , intricate , star-studded	1
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
to great performances	1
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon	0
a waste	0
, then blood work is for you .	1
wondrously creative	1
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
whole family	1
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
to entertain	1
consistently sensitive and	1
emotionally satisfying	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy	0
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	0
shame on writer/director vicente aranda	0
a less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	0
contentious configurations	0
studiously inoffensive	0
a better thriller	1
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so	0
gross-out humor	0
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
is spectacular	1
visually striking and slickly staged	1
sappiness	0
is so incredibly inane	0
is polanski 's best film	1
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
works - mostly due to its superior cast	1
is heartfelt and hilarious	1
an unprecedented tragedy	0
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	0
the plot makes no sense	0
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice	0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
every punchline predictable	0
to keep our interest	1
the piano teacher	1
unembarrassing but unmemorable	0
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes	1
bruised	0
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	1
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
an engaging fantasy	1
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness	0
was just a matter of ` eh	0
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
mediocre movies	0
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
a great writer and dubious human being	1
the improperly hammy performance	0
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	0
thoroughly engrossing	1
his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story	0
works well enough to make it worth watching	1
slowed down by a stroke	0
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .	0
above the rest	1
sharp , amusing study	1
the star-making machinery of tinseltown	1
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	1
every family	1
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas	1
designed to fill time ,	0
depressed	0
adorable	1
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	0
turn out to be delightfully compatible here	1
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
's already done way too often	0
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
little less bling-bling and a lot more	0
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
i say , entertaining	1
an inelegant combination	0
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	0
the spirit	1
entirely witless and inane ,	0
is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
dead	0
cheated	0
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	0
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial .	0
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom	1
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times	0
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this	0
terrorists are more evil than ever !	0
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece	1
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous	0
become the master of innuendo	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination	1
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies	0
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery	1
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
the growing , moldering pile	0
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	0
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as	1
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects	1
at his most critically insightful	1
good actors , even kingsley ,	1
less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
tired jokes	0
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
most of the problems with the film	0
its sleazy moralizing	0
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
, shrek )	1
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
, colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
may not be a great piece of filmmaking	0
her bully of a husband	0
feel absolutely	1
before but never so vividly	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and	1
it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
less charming than listening to a four-year-old	0
discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
of riveting power and sadness	1
moldering	0
enormous	1
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	0
a pale successor	0
a painful elegy and	0
some real vitality and even art	1
layered and stylistic	1
amiable and committed	1
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	1
take movies by storm	1
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	0
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
the humor and humanity	1
and rough-hewn vanity project	0
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger and	0
less than fresh	0
thriller as lazy	0
a dim-witted pairing	0
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and	1
its execution and skill	1
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
emotionally grand	1
was botched in execution	0
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
things interesting	1
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
insipid script	0
it must be the end of the world :	0
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	0
already littered with celluloid garbage	0
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
more predictable than their consequences	0
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but	1
wonderfully lush	1
heavy-handed , manipulative	0
pretty damned wonderful	1
be a talky bore	0
do no wrong	1
ends so horrendously confusing	0
an in-depth portrait	1
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad	0
a dud --	0
lopez romantic comedy	1
's mostly a pleasure to watch .	1
a remarkable piece of filmmaking	1
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .	1
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool	0
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
step backward	0
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot	0
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel	1
inexperienced	0
speaks more of the season than the picture	0
sinuously plotted and	1
its promising cast	1
heart and unsettling subject matter	1
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
a fascinating , bombshell documentary	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently	1
quirky and fearless	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	0
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies --	1
honoring	1
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film	0
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
an impressive hybrid .	1
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
its predecessors proud	1
the unacceptable	0
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles	0
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting	0
many a hollywood romance	1
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
proceeds to flop	0
the emotional heart of happy	1
genuine narrative	1
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
decides	1
directorial touch	1
successfully	1
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	1
their quirky inner selves	1
for all audiences	1
foul-mouthed	0
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek	0
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
, artificial and opaque	0
begins on a high note and	1
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies	0
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	1
that 's just too boring and obvious	0
by its art and heart	1
, it succeeds .	1
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured	0
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	0
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
warmed up to him	1
in all , a great party	1
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel	0
this mess	0
by splendid performances	1
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
it the most	1
steamy	1
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
choose to skip it	0
more tiring than anything	0
easy to like	1
a brilliant college student --	1
's pure entertainment	1
have rarely seen	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair	1
the gorgeous locales and	1
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
's no real sense of suspense	0
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic	1
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
do n't need to try very hard	0
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or	0
way to entertain or inspire its viewers	1
parker 's creative interference	1
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
a fairly revealing study	1
happy ending	1
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	0
ai n't art ,	0
humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece	1
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive	1
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
is compelling enough ,	1
drag on	0
herzog has fallen	0
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man	0
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
the most surprising thing	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	1
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and	1
overcome its weaknesses	1
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy	0
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
is a real charmer .	1
dramatic experience .	1
personable , amusing cast	1
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision	1
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
good thriller .	1
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	1
sadly --	0
all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	1
does not live up to its style	0
a spirit that can not be denied	1
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
the predictability	0
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	1
noticeably derivative	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick	0
worthy and devastating	1
rolling over	0
very original	1
it 's on par with the first one	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as	1
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
nowheresville	0
want to pack raw dough in my ears	0
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
wilde 's droll whimsy	1
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
a smartly directed , grown-up film	1
a step further , richer	1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	0
the most interesting writer/directors	1
unflappable air	1
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent	1
obvious	0
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story	0
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	1
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan	0
mindless	0
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
conjured up more coming-of-age stories	1
award-winning	1
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
thoughtful , visually graceful	1
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...	0
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	1
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
the courage of its convictions	1
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction	0
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
has a wooden delivery and	0
in all its strange quirks	1
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --	0
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	0
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --	0
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise	0
hell-jaunt purists	0
bother thinking it all through	0
re-fried	0
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
half-baked setups	0
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
an action hero with table manners ,	1
predictably efficient piece	1
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen	0
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up	1
dreadfully	0
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	1
inept and artificial	0
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
overcome the problematic script	0
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	1
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
're down	0
a humorless	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people	1
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals	1
the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	1
oft-brilliant	1
gross-out flicks ,	0
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
movie nothing	0
of ineptly	0
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	1
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	1
marvelous	1
accident	0
is amused by its special effects	1
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
a true talent	1
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	1
will forgive the flaws and love the film	1
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
cancer	0
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
spellbinding fun	1
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
interesting and thoroughly	1
totally overwrought	0
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
smart and fun	1
besson has written in years	1
soft-porn 'em powerment	1
big laughs	1
its emotional power and moments of revelation	1
comes together	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards	1
competent , unpretentious	1
blatant and sickening product placement	0
a genuine dramatic impact	1
spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
from which no interesting concept can escape	0
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn	1
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive	0
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
in a sense , that 's a liability .	0
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	1
for most of the characters	1
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
few things more frustrating to a film buff	0
scores a direct hit .	1
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
gently humorous	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards	1
initially gripping	1
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy	1
sloughs one 's way	0
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
just a string of stale gags	0
in the best possible senses of both those words	1
an unflinching and objective look	1
the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting	0
its sparkling beauty	1
is one helluva singer	1
empty stud knockabout	0
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,	1
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight	1
the story 's undeniably hard to follow	0
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident	0
very pleasing at its best moments	1
of promise	1
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
a fifty car pileup of cliches	0
his sly , intricate magic	1
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny	1
sanctimonious , self-righteous	0
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience	0
every gag two or three times	0
one of the most unpleasant things the studio	0
chill	0
good documentarian	1
dark-as-pitch	0
just does n't work	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and	1
shyamalan 's gifts	1
hyper-realistic images	1
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
to the world trade center tragedy	0
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	1
irritates	0
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .	1
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	0
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
uh , shred ,	0
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	0
for genre fans	1
elaborate futuristic sets	1
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type	0
to adopt as a generational signpost	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper	0
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
's provocative stuff	1
a road-trip drama	0
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours	0
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
's too loud	0
blockbuster	1
this erotic cannibal movie is boring	0
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
high-spirited	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
phenomenal , water-born cinematography	1
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	0
oversexed , at times	0
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
gloriously unsubtle	1
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland	0
dream	1
excellent	1
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	1
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful	1
those famous moments	1
brutal honesty and respect	1
painfully unfunny farce	0
essentially a collection of bits --	0
you to scratch a hole in your head	0
does n't really believe in it	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny	0
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
dreadfulness	0
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail	1
horrifyingly	0
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
an intermittently good time	1
captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
the worst movies of the year	0
, memorable cinematic experience	1
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
a spark of new inspiration in it ,	1
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business	0
's funniest and most likeable movie in years	1
want to check it out	1
somewhat problematic	0
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone	1
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	1
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
tv cop show cliches	0
of bland comfort food	0
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
an intriguing and alluring premise	1
even a plot	0
into hokum	0
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
cliches , painful improbability and murky	0
, derrida is all but useless	0
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces	0
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
is interested in nothing	0
as timely as tomorrow	1
insufferable movie	0
proved too difficult	0
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
catching solely on its visual merits	1
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
truly wonderful tale	1
perfect teaming	1
a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
stupidity	0
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature	1
that are as valid today	1
cluelessness	0
loathsome movie	0
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	0
a smart , compelling drama	1
even more ludicrous	0
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
vivid with color , music and life	1
lacks dramatic punch and depth .	0
, my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
dumb gags ,	0
a 20-car pileup	0
does hold up pretty well .	1
be as bored	0
fluffy and disposible	0
a great american adventure and	1
that even freeman ca n't save it	0
to keep this from being a complete waste of time	0
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
one of the most exciting action films	1
the spotlight	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	1
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker	0
incredibly captivating and insanely funny	1
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	0
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	0
good man	1
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is	0
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,	1
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information	1
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	0
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count	1
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
feel like a short stretched out to feature length	0
recommend it for its originality alone	1
simply feel wrong	0
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
a bad premise , just	0
predictable rehash	0
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals	1
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
numbness .	0
he just slopped ` em together here	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,	0
sweet time building	1
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale	1
listless , witless , and devoid of anything	0
their surroundings	1
realism , crisp storytelling and	1
priggish	0
as gripping	1
hide new secretions from the parental units	0
which is way too stagy	0
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	1
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	0
and mind-numbing indifference	0
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema	1
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
all unfolds predictably	0
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	1
its punchy style promises	1
an incomprehensible	0
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,	0
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	0
most brilliant	1
of moronic stunts	0
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	0
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting	1
is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
poignant and	1
noble failure .	0
it 's never dull and always looks good .	1
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
of this tacky nonsense	0
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler	1
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile	1
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and	1
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool	1
a goofy pleasure	1
wickedly funny	1
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
the heat of the moment prevails .	1
graceful , moving	1
gave me no reason to care	0
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary	0
ultimately undo him	0
about intelligent high school	1
's that good	1
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	1
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless	0
gripping humanity	1
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	0
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	0
oscar-worthy	1
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror	1
serves up all of that stuff	1
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	0
doltish and uneventful	0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...	0
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
surprisingly faithful	1
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
artsy and	1
somber , absurd , and , finally ,	0
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks	0
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
intriguing characters	1
as a dentist 's waiting room	0
's the element of condescension ,	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and	1
an excruciating film	0
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	0
i loved on first sight and , even more important ,	1
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
more hackneyed elements	0
poignant and delicately	1
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	1
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory	0
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon	1
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
a cute alien creature	1
adventures	1
i recommend it for its originality alone	1
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
of the world 's greatest teacher	1
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
a sterling ensemble cast	1
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs	1
whip-smart	1
a pretty good overall picture	1
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
between the fantastic and the believable	1
an empty shell	0
, joyous celebration	1
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
a solid cast	1
a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
a film school undergrad	0
flamboyant style	1
wit and compassion	1
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces	1
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal	0
who makes martha enormously endearing	1
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
flimsy ending	0
emotionally complex	1
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	0
screams	0
stays with you	1
its classical music	1
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
surprised	1
subtly different	1
of love and destiny	1
better at fingering problems than finding solutions	0
very predictable	0
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie	1
call it a work of art	1
an energetic and engaging film	1
poetic symbolism	1
, what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
wondering why these people mattered	0
many clichés	0
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
memorable	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning	1
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait	1
uncompromising knowledge	1
is awful	0
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .	0
is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
will want to see over and over again .	1
has no point and goes nowhere	0
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
appetizing	1
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making	0
use of his particular talents	1
sorrowful lows	0
the performances are an absolute joy .	1
is laughingly enjoyable	1
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	1
its best moments	1
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
a little-remembered world	1
leads to a satisfying destination	1
complex and quirky , but	1
intelligent ,	1
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
consistency	1
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance	0
yet depressing	0
hilarious kenneth branagh	1
raw urban humor	1
( and fairly unbelievable )	0
already obscure	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story	1
desperate for the evening to end	0
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
a bad sitcom	0
will enthrall the whole family	1
into the urban heart	1
usual intelligence and subtlety	1
definitive	1
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
restage the whole thing	0
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder	0
prefer to keep on watching	1
a major waste ... generic .	0
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
of weird performances and direction	0
odd but ultimately satisfying	1
a glorified episode	0
delightful little film	1
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation	1
interesting look	1
sensational denouements	1
the plot offers few surprises	0
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
a worthwhile glimpse	1
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
good-natured and	1
wrong things	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but	1
to its clever what-if concept	1
fascinating stories	1
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .	0
with more emotional force than any other recent film	1
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
none of the plot ` surprises '	0
an overflowing septic tank	0
engaging characters	1
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
season	1
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers	1
blab and	0
, this is the ultimate movie experience	1
a sour little movie	0
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
've got something pretty damn close	1
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
as any hollywood fluff	0
is n't breaking new ground	0
most unpleasant	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and	1
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too	0
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	1
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
personable , amusing	1
saved this film	1
look too deep into the story	0
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us	0
a dream is a wish your heart makes	1
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart	1
fun , with an undeniable energy	1
cruel , misanthropic stuff	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .	1
terrific screenplay	1
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth	1
perfection	1
i was entranced .	1
( b )	1
the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
carry the film	1
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through	0
quite rich and exciting	1
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else	0
compassion , good-natured	1
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting	1
recommend snow dogs	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world	1
with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
of genuine excitement	1
the positives	1
cares	1
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness	0
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	0
flopped	0
it gets old quickly .	0
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
is rote work and predictable	0
fresh air	1
psychologically probing	1
-- and at times , all	1
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
appealing character quirks	1
dud from frame one .	0
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then	1
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
a man in pain	0
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
lacking the slightest bit	0
by a legacy of abuse	0
greatest	1
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
foul	0
the punch lines that miss	0
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
little too obvious , but	0
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	0
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too	1
an undeniable energy	1
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse	0
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or	0
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
that 's been done before	0
of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
, smoky and inviting	1
slovenly life	0
in which the kids in the house will be gored	0
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen	0
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	0
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
remarkable procession	1
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
seems uncertain	0
-- and gross --	0
funny situations and honest observations	1
perfectly	1
extremely imaginative through out	1
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
realism , crisp storytelling	1
the dreadfulness	0
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality	1
is just too original to be ignored	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids	1
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
manic	0
is a cinematic misdemeanor	0
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films	0
honest performances and	1
deathly slow to any teen	0
of pleasure or sensuality	1
otherwise appalling , and	0
to the film 's music	1
the act is still charming here .	1
luscious	1
self-indulgent	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...	1
a spoof comedy	1
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
as unoriginal	0
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
is very original	1
is never clear	0
this turgid fable	0
for every cheesy scene	0
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	0
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live	0
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring	0
to the actress , and to her inventive director	1
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig	1
allows us to chuckle through the angst	1
for most of the movie 's success	1
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
never clearly defines his characters	0
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
alive and	1
's a dark , gritty story	1
lots of laughs	1
writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline	0
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie	1
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann	1
consistently amusing but	1
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering	0
directed without the expected flair or imagination	0
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	0
surprisingly short of both adventure and song	0
render it anything but laughable	0
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
brightly	1
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain	0
dead ( water ) weight	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates	0
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
markedly inactive	0
grab your kids and run and then	0
propelled by the acting	1
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
satisfying summer blockbuster	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags	0
a romance this smart	1
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury	1
mundane '70s disaster flick	0
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
that this should seal the deal	1
incurably	0
feral and uncomfortable .	0
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
gracious	1
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	1
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it	1
, wit and interesting characters	1
under cars	1
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
finds itself in reduced circumstances	0
is an amicable endeavor .	1
so likable	1
biased	0
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château	1
to ultimately disappoint the action	0
with a flimsy ending	0
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	0
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut	1
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
adorably	1
sometimes is a gem .	1
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy	0
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
documentarian	1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	1
's real visual charge to the filmmaking	1
by a warmth that is n't faked	1
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen	0
an honesty and dignity	1
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
fighting hard for something that really matters	1
a high-powered star pedigree	1
a good deal	1
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	1
into a black hole of dullness	0
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture	0
watchable stuff .	1
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	0
monotone	0
more meaningful	1
is n't scary .	0
being very inspiring or insightful	1
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	1
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
its committed dumbness	0
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
need a playful respite	1
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
a vibrant whirlwind	1
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
, inescapably gorgeous ,	1
screwing things up old school	0
conflicts	0
great movie	1
the dark theater	0
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
leonine power	1
) becomes more specimen than character	0
damaged-goods	0
tendentious	0
in earnest dramaturgy	1
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity	1
acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
goldie hawn	1
a bit of heart	1
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
witless	0
the movie stirs us as well .	1
flamboyant female comics	1
gives everyone	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance	1
lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
so lovely toward the end	1
is worth searching out .	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
this movie worth seeing	1
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling	1
humorous , illuminating study	1
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way	0
passion	1
a downer and a little	0
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
the paranoid claustrophobia	0
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
a tedious picture	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work	0
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
, you 're on the edge of your seat	1
real-life hollywood fairy-tale	1
captured	1
'' overcome its weaknesses	1
interminable , shapeless documentary	0
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	0
its unforced comedy-drama	1
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant	1
a crisp psychological drama	1
is just lazy writing	0
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile	1
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated	1
silly overkill	0
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
gay porn film	0
the awe in which it holds itself	1
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine	0
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
candid , archly funny and	1
life	1
certain robustness	1
'' is never lethargic	1
vainly	0
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see	0
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
too loud , too goofy	0
, and at times uncommonly moving	1
it 's actually watchable	1
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place	1
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;	1
'd probably turn it off ,	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh	1
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big	1
protect your community	1
to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
( has ) an immediacy	1
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go	0
( and probably should have	0
hates its characters	0
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
stereotypes in good fun	1
will enjoy	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year	1
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	1
still want my money back .	0
say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
are paper thin	0
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
forget	0
rich	1
entertaining movie	1
the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
with an action movie that actually has a brain	1
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
artsy and often pointless	0
kidman	1
, i did n't care .	0
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme	0
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	0
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	1
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
emotionally intense	1
curiously stylized	1
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love	1
always looks good	1
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film	0
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered	0
rekindle the magic of the first film	1
schlocky horror/action hybrid	0
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
ridiculous	0
the perkiness	1
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
swedish	1
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	1
extraordinary poignancy	1
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill	1
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are	0
dramatic animated feature	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff	0
a strength	1
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
it 's plotless , shapeless	0
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling	0
cynical	0
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself	1
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes	0
its awkward structure and a final veering	0
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
the lush scenery	1
confident filmmaking	1
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
enjoyed it just	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	0
missing from it	0
self-absorbed	0
stupid	0
of testing boundaries	1
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
earnest and heartfelt	1
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
was so endlessly , grotesquely	0
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	0
clever and subtle	1
during sunset	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control	1
a good movie ye who enter here	1
you 've a taste for the quirky	1
demonstrating vividly	1
breathes more on the big screen	1
whipping out the dirty words	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but	1
horrible '' and `` terrible	0
andrei	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,	1
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here	0
playful and haunting	1
engaging fantasy	1
smart and entirely charming	1
's awfully entertaining	1
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke	0
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human	1
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	0
it 's still quite worth seeing	1
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés	0
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
too good	1
given by the capable cast	1
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	0
erratic career	0
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences	1
somewhat flawed ,	0
broomfield dresses it up	1
is n't really about anything .	0
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
more confused , less interesting	0
big stars and high production values	1
more repulsive	0
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
great minds	1
a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
lacking	0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities	1
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	0
immensely ambitious ,	1
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous ,	1
it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach	0
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
esteemed	1
some tasty grub	1
the charm and little	1
nothing good can happen	0
an amazing slapstick instrument	1
sweetly conspiratorial	1
i shamelessly enjoyed it	1
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment	0
great film noir	1
joy and pride	1
salvation and good intentions	1
negative	0
into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty	0
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
hot-button items	1
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	0
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before	1
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation	1
the annoying score	0
a cellular phone commercial	0
damage	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,	0
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and	1
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
a compelling piece	1
the richness of characterization	1
disgusting source material	0
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film ,	0
` swept away ' sinks .	0
perception , conviction	1
deeply biased	0
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
charming and	1
a summertime look-see	1
of exploitative garbage	0
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
a light-hearted way	1
complaint	0
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves	0
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often	0
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
damned	0
rare movie	1
like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama	0
well-crafted psychological study	1
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
missed opportunities .	0
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
more mature than fatal attraction ,	1
really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
in constant fits of laughter	1
enough charming moments	1
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and	0
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
cheered	1
's not like having a real film of nijinsky	0
thrilling movie	1
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
small delights	1
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
fairly harmless	1
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical	0
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film	1
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and	0
really horrible drek .	0
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
b movies	0
modest , crowd-pleasing goals	1
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
their memorable and resourceful performances	1
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	1
's coherent , well shot , and	1
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
deft sense	1
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	0
give life	1
are really surprising	1
unsatisfying muddle	0
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
the banality and hypocrisy	0
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments	1
something a little more special behind it :	1
based on a true and historically significant story	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film	1
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
covers this territory with wit and originality	1
are believable as people	1
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego	1
engages	1
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
high-minded snoozer .	0
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime	1
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible	0
at this beautifully drawn movie	1
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works	1
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
beautifully shot ,	1
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	0
thoughtful , reverent portrait	1
woody , what happened ?	0
terrific	1
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	0
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
hard time	0
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time	0
nonsensical and laughable plotting	0
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
as the old saying goes , because it 's true	1
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
slim hopes and dreams	0
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans	1
someone understands the need for the bad boy	1
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	1
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	0
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
too busy	0
a moving picture that does not move .	0
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	0
sweet spirit	1
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
of profound characterizations	1
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	0
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it	0
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
hard to understand	0
death to smoochy is often very funny	1
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	0
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
comedy and melodrama	1
ambitious comic escapade	1
find love in the most unlikely place	1
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
a solid , spooky entertainment	1
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations	1
genuinely enthusiastic	1
a successful career in tv	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat	1
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and	0
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
many have made it out to be	1
on the success of bollywood	1
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema	1
that 's fun for kids of any age .	1
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting	1
's something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
bitter end	0
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
is why anybody picked it up .	0
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	1
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	1
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,	1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
make the stones weep	1
it 's also not very good .	0
is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	1
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors	1
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look	1
weighted down with slow	0
a grating	0
a smart , compelling drama .	1
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
deserves a look	1
see all summer	1
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time	1
deadpan cool , wry humor	1
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
loud , bang-the-drum	0
it is nevertheless compelling	1
the magnificent jackie chan	1
no sense of pride or shame	0
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars	0
, sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy	0
its own good	1
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
, endearing	1
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful	1
the downward spiral comes to pass	0
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is	0
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
part of the fun	1
the more you will probably like it .	1
pulpy core conceit	0
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery	1
is extraordinarily good	1
inconsistent	0
his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
real writer plot	1
a class with that of wilde	1
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
an engrossing entertainment	1
uninvolving	0
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	1
never becomes claustrophobic	1
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	0
as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
give it considerable punch .	1
more spirit and bite	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that	0
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
subtle and	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently	1
an articulate , grown-up voice	1
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
at its best	1
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,	1
this obscenely bad dark comedy	0
's plenty to enjoy --	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but	1
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
sympathetic characters	1
far more meaningful	1
john carpenter 's original	1
of cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	1
thoroughly entertaining	1
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm	1
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
the comedy	1
he delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
one of the smartest	1
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
are some movies that hit you from the first scene	1
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
tells a deeper story	1
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
teddy bears ' picnic ranks	1
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe	0
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold	1
an uneven film for the most part	0
animated thoughts	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy	1
most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact	0
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
should have been made for the tube	0
takes a sudden turn and devolves	0
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	1
pallid	0
has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
engross even	1
overlong and not well-acted ,	0
appeals to you	1
rent those movies instead ,	0
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
there is a great deal of fun .	1
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
, caring	1
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	1
that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability	1
lost	0
casual and fun	1
fine acting	1
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
spain	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes	0
offers an intriguing what-if premise	1
troubling and powerful .	1
were convinced to waste their time	0
dramatic impact	1
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions	1
funny , ultimately heartbreaking	1
anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul	0
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	0
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
cheesy fun factor	1
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
angst-ridden	0
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
ill-considered notion	0
boring , pretentious muddle	0
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale	0
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
developed	1
quite fun in places	1
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder	0
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
it --	1
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
it 's still terrible !	0
was worse .	0
helluva singer	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining	1
's a bad action movie	0
holland lets things peter out midway , but	0
depressing than entertaining	0
of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
has kind of an authentic feel	1
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody	1
greatest date movies	1
, and for the memorable character creations	1
, shapeless documentary	0
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable	0
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away	0
compassionate	1
lovely toward the end	1
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	1
's the perfect cure for insomnia	0
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
there are laughs aplenty	1
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	1
's that painful	0
an insult to every family	0
are many tense scenes in trapped	1
credible gender-provoking philosophy	1
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	0
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
bad in a major movie	0
had , lost , and got back	1
one-of-a-kind	1
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
the film works	1
profound humanity	1
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
fulfill	1
a kingdom	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
successful animated movies	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	0
the first mistake , i suspect ,	0
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level	0
adam sandler assault	0
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
's kind of sad	0
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
typical pax	0
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
're drawn in by the dark luster	1
best part	1
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	0
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
a bilingual charmer ,	1
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
of dazzling pop entertainment	1
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .	0
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature	1
lousy script	0
makes no difference in the least	0
pure	1
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
oddly colorful	1
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .	1
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
virtuoso	1
done , so primitive in technique	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,	0
are up to the task	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
slow	0
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago	1
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you	1
silly and overwrought	0
fantastic	1
's already a joke in the united states	0
are not to be dismissed .	1
moment	1
in its committed dumbness	0
ethereal	1
be cherished	1
effective film	1
shimmers with it	1
with no signs of life	0
dry and	0
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts	1
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
his most personal	1
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,	1
rick	1
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces	0
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
the satire is weak .	0
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that	0
expertly plucking tension from quiet	1
wet burlap sack	0
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time	1
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
a soulless jumble of ineptly	0
it 's stupid	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore	0
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
the end result does no justice to the story itself	0
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
told well by a master	1
and moving portrait	1
exquisitely performed	1
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	1
is powerful and provocative .	1
the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
endearing	1
the story 's promising premise	1
, herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
crappy	0
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
sustains a higher plateau	1
marquis	1
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
strange and wonderful creatures	1
of whimsy	1
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
you snore	0
fairly uneventful	0
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
just plain bad .	0
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation	1
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together	0
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	0
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	0
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
effecting	1
spent watching this waste of time	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind	1
both ugly and mindless	0
the hearts and minds	1
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	1
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	1
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	0
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	1
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
delicate , clever direction	1
indoor drama	1
a sermon for most of its running time	0
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
overly sillified plot	0
crucifixion	0
's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts )	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels	1
its rather routine script	0
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
rock solid family fun	1
junior-high	1
but boilerplate clichés	0
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt	0
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
is flat	0
plays like clueless does south fork .	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
making me groggy	0
has fun with the quirks of family life	1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .	0
a poetic	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way	1
riveting set pieces	1
a work of deft and subtle poetry	1
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and	1
contributions	1
bogs down in genre cliches	0
hard-won	1
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
uncompromising artists trying to create something original	1
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
the most exciting action films	1
are really going to love the piano teacher	1
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and	0
worst elements	0
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point	1
has something significant to say	1
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter	1
skewed to ever get a hold on	0
with imagination	1
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
wheedling reluctant witnesses	0
underwhelming	0
forget about it by monday	0
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
a bad movie that	0
's plenty to enjoy	1
the worst	0
misfire that even tunney ca n't save	0
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
unifying	1
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy	1
tastelessness and	0
the operative word for `` bad company	0
a well-deserved reputation	1
it never comes close to being either funny or scary	0
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
rising star jake gyllenhaal	1
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	1
rare imax movie	1
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show	0
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man	1
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
visual charm or texture	1
for touched by an angel simplicity	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery	0
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you	0
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
, endearing , masterful	1
match his ambition	1
fairly unsettling scenes	0
stop buying tickets	0
sing beautifully and act adequately	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
noble	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry --	1
bludgeoning the audience over the head	0
is never especially clever and	0
in this wildly uneven movie	0
tackling what seems like done-to-death material	0
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances	1
credit director ramsay	1
star-making	1
should have been a cutting hollywood satire	0
unusual power	1
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
all great films about a life you never knew existed	1
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer	0
friends will be friends through thick and thin	1
would love this .	1
the franchise 's best years are long past	0
favorite	1
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough	0
loose , poorly structured film	0
a wretched movie	0
would do better elsewhere .	0
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema	1
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
kong action	1
induces headaches	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `	0
snide	0
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career	1
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way	1
best and most	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	1
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form	1
cheap cliché	0
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
temperamental	0
cold , pretentious	0
children 's entertainment , superhero comics	1
was as superficial	0
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
is in a class by itself	1
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
wild	1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies	0
warmth , wit and interesting characters	1
a small but rewarding comedy	1
a good job	1
cheap	0
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	1
of empathy for its characters	1
visual splendor	1
eighties	1
's mildly interesting	1
is very difficult to care about the character	0
in which the script and characters hold sway	1
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer	0
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation	1
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding	0
limpid and conventional historical fiction	0
at his most sparkling	1
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less	0
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
here seems to have recharged him .	1
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
sitting around	0
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	1
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
the lord of the rings	1
miss congeniality	1
winning and wildly fascinating work	1
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team	1
has done excellent work here .	1
is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
will likely	1
insignificance	0
unfilmable '' novels	0
worthy	1
as the very best of them	1
sweet as greenfingers	1
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy	0
it is unwavering and arresting	1
jason x is this bad on purpose	0
, funny humor	1
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
love head-on	1
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it	0
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered	0
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling	1
the broiling sun for a good three days	0
layered , well-developed characters and	1
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .	0
vibrantly	1
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
their heroic capacity	1
already thin story	0
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale	1
whose cumulative effect is chilling	1
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	1
rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
an inexplicable nightmare	0
... had this much imagination and nerve	1
a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
engaging ,	1
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
is top shelf	1
but unfortunately also	0
excellent latin actors of all ages	1
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story	1
sickly	0
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
minor film	0
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
was n't a good movie	0
it 's a funny no-brainer	1
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
hyper-artificiality	0
surprisingly funny movie	1
does not make for much of a movie .	0
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
implicitly	1
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	0
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
most enjoyable releases	1
a film less	0
delightful work	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper	1
is funny ,	1
more than competent	1
'' or `` suck ''	0
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation	0
translate well to the screen	1
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
the tone for a summer of good stuff	1
ungainly	0
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm	0
real film	1
considered career-best performances	1
cast the magnificent jackie chan	1
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	1
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
it 's one long bore .	0
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
is suitably elegant	1
has a lot of charm .	1
genial but never inspired , and little	0
altered	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people	1
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and	1
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	0
definitely worth	1
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them	0
like a rash	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so	1
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers	0
clever ways	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree	1
the phrase ` fatal script error	0
makes their project so interesting	1
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and	1
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	0
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back ,	1
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
perdition	1
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and	1
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
that beneath the familiar , funny surface	1
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	0
the first place	1
dashing and resourceful hero	1
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
creepy and believable	1
grotesque and	0
cowardly	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and	0
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series	1
especially give credit to affleck .	1
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor	0
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley	1
makes the experience worthwhile	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real	0
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it	0
this film 's impressive performances and	1
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team	1
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence	0
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form	1
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	1
patient and tenacious	1
, but far more witty	1
his characters are acting horribly	0
misleading	0
's betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
contrived as this may sound	0
with humor	1
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
feel better already .	1
a huge mess	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder	1
still fun and enjoyable and	1
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films	1
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
most watchable	1
all-powerful	1
alienated	0
are so stunning	1
casts its spooky net	1
gentle film	1
a gentle film	1
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2	0
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	1
wonderful acting clinic	1
's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
, it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick	1
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
exceeds expectations	1
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	0
more enjoyable than i expected	1
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be	1
smart , sassy and	1
its excellent use	1
embellished by editing	1
two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
damned funny	1
amused by its special effects	1
making a vanity project with nothing new	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,	1
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	0
the great pity	0
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
make it an above-average thriller	1
atop wooden dialogue	0
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch	0
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
a gripping documentary	1
of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	0
the script 's flaws	0
you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for	1
the compassion , good-natured humor	1
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
sexual relationship	1
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
of a happy ending	1
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within	1
of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
general absurdity	0
flavors	1
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible	1
, proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,	0
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
overdoing it	0
a sweet	1
troubled and	0
sags	0
see the movie	1
and a terrible story	0
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	0
incoherence and redundancy	0
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
shallow and immature character	0
is just sooooo tired .	0
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
a powerful 1957 drama	1
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
, the film does hold up pretty well .	1
texture and realism	1
one resurrection too many .	0
charismatic	1
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .	0
a limp eddie murphy	0
mindless pace	0
convincing and radiant	1
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
just like a splendid meal	1
a better celebration	1
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior	0
of good	1
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
part biography , part entertainment and	1
try and evade	0
a seriously bad film	0
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
the pungent bite	0
, crisp storytelling	1
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
starts promisingly	1
is not only the best date movie of the year	1
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view	1
visually dazzling	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
personal self-discovery	1
surprisingly funny	1
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake	1
a taut , sobering film	1
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
betters it	1
ever-watchful	1
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
in some terrific setpieces	1
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
is like reading a research paper ,	0
too smug	0
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
dramatic arc	1
to mention absolutely refreshed	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and	1
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
it 's loud and boring	0
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition	1
gawky	0
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
need of a scented bath	0
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
uneven performances and a spotty script	0
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up	0
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	1
rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
feminist empowerment tale thinly	0
( depending upon where you live )	1
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension	0
, for the most part , credible	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	1
most devastating flaw	0
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise	1
nothing short of refreshing	1
hampered	0
that grew hideously twisted	0
a stark portrait	1
it 's badder than bad .	0
honest insight	1
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive	1
consuming self-absorption	0
giggling	1
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
if each watered down the version of the one before	0
with a pleasing verisimilitude	1
's also not very good .	0
title performance	1
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
, one would hope for the best	1
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york	0
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
inquisitive enough	1
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
a blip	0
unbelievably stupid	0
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	1
is n't much fun	0
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
melodramatic bodice-ripper	0
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
the hero 's odyssey	1
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial	0
indignation	0
jams too many prefabricated story elements	0
ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
cruel	0
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,	0
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --	1
in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
yeah	1
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque	0
visit , this laboratory of laughter	1
to be consumed and forgotten	0
give a second look	1
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
conned	0
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
reassuring , retro uplifter .	1
cult favorite	1
the talk alone is enough to keep us	1
responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
being a complete waste of time	0
this mess of a movie	0
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back	1
change hackneyed concepts	0
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
of extraordinary journalism	1
me no lika da accents so good , but	0
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and	0
fascination , and	1
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
awful	0
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness	0
striking deep chords of sadness	1
easy , seductive	1
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community	1
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
on an elegant visual sense and a talent	1
and witty feature	1
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist	1
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
overexposed	0
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
of the insurance actuary	1
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things	1
do the genial-rogue shtick to death	0
for large-scale action and suspense	1
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
thanks to the presence	1
say you were n't warned	0
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
a slap-happy series	1
goose things up	1
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
beckons us all	1
safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
of an underdone potato	0
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	0
loosely connected characters and	0
does n't disappoint	1
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
for the memorable character creations	1
an ambitious movie	1
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious	1
is a treat .	1
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say	0
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	0
trembling and gratitude	1
amuse or entertain	1
full of masters of both	1
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony	0
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
is good ,	1
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life	0
right into the center of that world	1
is a must for genre fans	1
the action clichés	0
distracted by the movie 's quick movements	0
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
terribly	0
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	0
work up much entertainment value	1
unrewarding collar	0
, poorly structured	0
to remain an unchanged dullard	0
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
wow .	1
as pretty contagious fun	1
always surprising	1
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause	1
heavy-handed moralistic	0
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
in an irresistible junior-high way ,	1
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter	1
give it a marginal thumbs up	1
most admirable quality	1
masterful work	1
enough to sustain laughs	1
what i saw , i enjoyed .	1
artful , watery tones	1
the pile of useless actioners	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama	0
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
perfectly entertaining	1
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
lousy direction	0
a thoughtful movie	1
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	0
uneven performances	0
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
not very amusing	0
low rent from frame one .	0
this rude and crude film	0
well-characterized	1
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	0
leaping from one arresting image to another	1
light-hearted	1
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption	1
too simplistic to maintain interest	0
very funny romantic comedy	1
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn	1
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
a feel-bad ending	0
works its way up	1
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form --	1
lame	0
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
a great movie	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy	0
while we delight in the images	1
good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
vapid	0
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	0
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
` praise the lord	1
responsible	1
sketches ...	1
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is	0
depressed about anything before watching this film	0
puerile	0
refreshes the mind and spirit along	1
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history	1
've seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
its face	1
refresh	1
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
well-balanced	1
leave you speaking in tongues	1
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
falls somewhat short	0
's lovely and amazing ,	1
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny	0
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming	1
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
is a bomb .	0
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers	1
is even better than the fellowship .	1
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans ''	1
is generally amusing from time	1
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
appeal to women	1
wonder of wonders	1
to call the film ` refreshing	1
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality	0
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
a captivating and intimate study	1
you 've got a huge mess	0
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade	1
its weaknesses	0
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	0
watch this movie	1
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	0
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue	0
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment	1
an enthusiastic charm	1
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot	1
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew	0
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen	1
is , in a word , brilliant	1
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny	1
gorgeous to look at but	1
as beautiful , desirable	1
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
enjoyable randomness	1
overweight and out of shape	0
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie	1
with a twisted sense of humor	1
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject	1
plain bad .	0
assured , vital and	1
earnest emotional core	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie	0
a documentary and more propaganda	0
too many flashbacks	0
talented people	1
manages sweetness	1
goofy , life-affirming moments	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but	0
an unsettling sight , and	0
right ways	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story	1
is dudsville .	0
to convince us of that all on their own	1
that is impenetrable and dull	0
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
, unassuming , subordinate	0
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
a sense of real magic , perhaps	1
is unfocused ,	0
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
are fantastic	1
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers	0
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	1
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	1
a great cast	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
a wonderful , ghastly film	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling	0
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
is particularly impressive	1
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational ,	1
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
breathtaking	1
features	1
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	0
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
gives us mostly fool 's gold	0
a movie that will make you laugh	1
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
drags	0
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
is more of an ordeal than an amusement	0
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	1
way off	0
at the end that extravagantly redeems it	1
even more reassuring	1
del	1
is sorely lacking .	0
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	0
superficial treatment	0
one reason it 's so lackluster	0
properly intense , claustrophobic tale	1
lackluster thriller `` new best friend ''	0
generate enough heat	1
visual splendor that can be seen in other films	1
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
deeply humanizing	1
the allegory with remarkable skill	1
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive	0
of a very lively dream	1
motionless characters	0
dull-witted and disquietingly	0
would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	0
for both children and parents	1
of high hilarity	1
leave you wanting more ,	1
truths	1
is extraordinarily good .	1
outdated	0
that is dark	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points	0
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful	1
than an autopsy , the movie	0
, here 's a fun one .	1
describes this film : honest	1
is a great film .	1
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
alternative housing options	1
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
tricky and satisfying	1
a chilling movie	1
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks	0
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	1
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
empire '' lacks in depth	0
exquisite	1
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	0
the payoff	1
exciting and well-paced .	1
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one	0
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this	0
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed	0
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	0
too mushy	0
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
we care about the story	1
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	0
resourceful	1
their heroic capacity for good	1
visually unappealing	0
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film	0
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and	1
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
mysterious , sensual	1
blank yearning	0
an admirable rigor	1
its many excesses	0
a terrific date movie	1
's 86 minutes too long	0
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon	1
with a completely predictable plot	0
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .	1
this is an interesting movie ! ''	1
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
delivering a dramatic slap	1
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and	0
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
in praise of love	1
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
a sly female empowerment movie	1
is just lazy writing .	0
reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
most daring	1
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	1
loud , low-budget and tired formula film	0
an excellent companion piece	1
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
funniest idea	1
a playful respite	1
sillier	1
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils	1
banal	0
charming than in about a boy	1
flawed but	0
powerful rather than cloying	1
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
reassuringly familiar	1
cultural and personal self-discovery and	1
frittered	0
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
bludgeoning	0
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .	1
however entertainingly presented	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as	1
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
an incredibly layered and stylistic film	1
for something new	1
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
thoroughly enjoyable	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived	0
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
intimate than spectacular	1
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	0
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene	0
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition	0
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but	1
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining	1
ravishing waif	0
also one of the most curiously depressing	0
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances	1
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
funny popcorn	1
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	0
get inside you	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and	1
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
painfully flat	0
warm , enveloping affection	1
deserves a better vehicle	0
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise	0
enjoyable ...	1
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy	0
a quaint , romanticized rendering .	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and	0
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	0
familiar -- and not in a good way	0
the metaphors are provocative	1
to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
meandering , low on energy , and	0
on a string of exotic locales	1
absurdist spider web .	0
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,	1
killing time	0
all-around good time	1
i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special	1
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
in private	1
mindless and boring	0
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
truly edgy --	1
most battered women	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology	1
patriotic	1
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
with enjoyable ease	1
the character 's gripping humanity	1
deception	0
as monstrous	0
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and	1
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
some kind of goofy grandeur	1
a true cinematic knack	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
especially clever	1
trusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
this painfully unfunny farce	0
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
a remarkably insightful	1
interesting topic	1
crass and insulting homage	0
for humor and bite	1
a stylish thriller .	1
once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy	1
a rather brilliant little cult item :	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	0
wafer-thin	0
all the hearts it won -- and wins still	1
hated myself in the morning	0
the cleverness ,	1
courageous molly craig	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
widescreen photography	1
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,	1
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
makin ' a fool of himself	0
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
technically superb	1
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	1
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
relayed by superb	1
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	0
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,	0
the movie is a dud .	0
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
repressed	0
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	0
there are some laughs in this movie ,	1
the expressive power of the camera	1
rare	1
strung-together moments	0
of lingerie models and bar dancers	1
you 'd want to smash its face in	0
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire	0
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated	1
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
a legacy	1
not quite	0
overly long	0
perry 's good	1
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but	1
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence	0
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film	1
is consistently	1
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
laughs and not the last time	1
cleansing	1
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
faster , livelier and	1
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
career-defining revelation	1
seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
it might not be 1970s animation ,	0
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
's a spectacular performance - ahem	1
, gritty , sometimes funny	1
acquires an undeniable entertainment value	1
an excellent cast	1
a very resonant chord	1
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
terminally cute drama	1
did n't smile .	0
more than merely a holocaust movie	1
the suggested and the unknown	0
somewhat less	0
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	1
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	0
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
helps create a complex , unpredictable character	1
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film	1
overwrought comedy/drama	0
's a very very strong `` b +	1
shallow and dim-witted	0
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
is greatness	1
a very lively dream	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company	1
sensation	1
this dvd	1
this poor remake	0
chilling and heart-warming	1
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent	0
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional	1
is plenty of room for editing	0
like any good romance	1
does n't leave you with much	0
hypocritical work	0
and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects	1
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary	0
style and flash	1
action laudable	1
realize , much to our dismay	0
his generation 's	1
on a pedestal	1
the charm of the first movie is still there	1
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	0
's definitely worth	1
is a disaster .	0
is a movie so insecure about its capacity	0
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie	1
engaging and exciting narrative	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say	1
, involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
is muted	0
a big splash	1
epic treatment	1
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
well-made and satisfying thriller	1
evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat	1
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	0
just does n't add up .	0
the movie 's various victimized audience members	0
most disappointing woody allen movie	0
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
the film has a lot of charm .	1
at a bad rock concert	0
is equally hackneyed	0
legged freaks	0
a ham-fisted sermon	0
a real filmmaker	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you	1
that really gives the film its oomph	1
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
rich and intelligent film	1
first-class , natural acting and	1
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
much power	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive	0
most good-hearted yet	1
friendly	1
scoring high for originality of plot	1
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed	0
this all works out	1
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid	1
of balto	1
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy	1
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film	0
a very charming and funny movie .	1
family-friendly	1
an overly sillified plot and	0
relentlessly nasty	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships	1
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind	1
vivid performances	1
rooting for the film	1
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	0
, redundant , sloppy	0
the most enchanting film	1
equals the original	1
greatest teacher	1
the discomfort and embarrassment	0
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters	0
danish cows	1
, riveting and handsomely	1
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
a dull , somnambulant exercise	0
contrived ,	0
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
was daniel day-lewis .	1
well-meaning , beautifully produced film	1
but none of which amounts to much of a story	0
clarity and audacity	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos	0
racism	0
charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
unbearably dull	0
is as predictable as the tides	0
folds under its own thinness .	0
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	0
slippery self-promoter	0
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles	1
nonsensical and formulaic	0
is amazing , yes	1
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
for true fans	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	0
perfect black pearls	1
anchoring performance	1
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary	0
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable ,	0
its overall sense of mystery	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy	1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman	1
` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
feels uncomfortably real ,	1
certain ambition	1
the film seems as deflated as he does	0
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama	0
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
a master	1
, and unforgettable characters	1
championship	1
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and	1
praises	1
energy , intelligence and verve ,	1
, you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;	0
much stronger	1
a stunning new young talent in one	1
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus	1
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
it works superbly here	1
community-college advertisement	0
less entertaining	0
big , dumb action movie	0
with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
are an absolute joy .	1
incompetent	0
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant	0
of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen	1
bisset	1
an indisputably spooky film	1
delivers on that promise	1
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
prolonged and boring	0
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
, you 'll enjoy this movie .	1
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	0
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and	0
his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
a solid and refined piece	1
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir	1
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
humor	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
deeply touched by this movie	1
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art	0
hastily dubbed	0
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
begins to fade from memory	0
anguish , anger and frustration	0
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
on mindless action	0
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always	1
unfunny and unoriginal mess	0
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band	1
a genial romance	1
mostly magnificent directorial career	1
what makes it worth a recommendation	1
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
heart-string plucking	1
visually atrocious ,	0
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
the guru who helped	1
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
great past	1
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	0
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
a grand picture	1
the action clichés just pile up .	0
tacky and	0
that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
) soulless	0
imax cinema	1
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
badly-rendered	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving	1
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
wear thin with repetition	0
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
all awkward	0
some like it	1
's little to recommend snow dogs	0
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
watchable	1
's a lousy one at that .	0
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit	1
claustrophobic	0
be a breakthrough in filmmaking	1
play fine	1
the best date movie	1
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
compulsively watchable	1
far more interesting	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight	0
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
an obvious rapport with her actors and	1
shockingly bad	0
triumph over a scrooge or two	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but	0
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses	1
a boring man ,	0
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability	1
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
a fine documentary	1
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
generally smart casting	1
nebrida	1
within the seas of their personalities	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters	1
no quarter to anyone	0
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	1
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily	0
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies	0
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	0
for the film 's winning tone	1
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all	0
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece	0
sappy and amateurish	0
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
utterly charming	1
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
banal in its message and the choice of material	0
compelling and horrifying story	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,	1
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
the cast is top-notch	1
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
effective	1
dying	0
means to face your fears	1
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
boorish	0
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge	0
it ca n't really be called animation	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,	0
one of the great submarine stories	1
talented director	1
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy	0
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities	0
from bill plympton , the animation master ,	1
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	1
belongs to nicholson	1
abandoned ,	0
inventive and mordantly humorous	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and	0
utter lack	0
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
all-too-familiar	0
frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story	0
the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
at how clever it 's being	1
the sparse instances of humor	0
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and	1
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment	1
that tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
dull and	0
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
the visual panache , the comic touch , and	1
, charming and quirky	1
uses the last act to reel in the audience	1
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals	0
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
makes an amazing breakthrough	1
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city	1
uncompelling the movie	0
middle-of-the-road blandness	0
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy	0
a cultural wildcard experience	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	1
might deliver again and again	1
very dark and very funny	1
( and beautifully edited	1
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,	1
a sturdiness and solidity	1
finds its tone and several scenes run	1
the always hilarious meara and levy	1
is n't just offensive	0
its poignancy hooks us completely	1
the wit and hoopla	1
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
whether or not	0
too much power , not enough puff .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence	0
's a dull girl , that 's all	0
awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
so bad in a major movie	0
are in perfect balance .	1
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
it pushes its agenda too forcefully	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .	1
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents	1
the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
ultimately losing cause	0
does so without compromising that complexity	1
dog	1
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly	0
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
the scenic splendor	1
whimsicality ,	1
at its laziest	0
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
self-consciously arty	0
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	0
great marching bands	1
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ,	0
funny , insightfully human	1
will probably like it .	1
takes big bloody chomps	0
is n't much fun .	0
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
that underlies the best of comedies	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered	0
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career	1
engaging charisma	1
enter and accept another world	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative	1
lameness	0
everything that was right about blade	1
's undone by a sloppy script	0
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
explosive physical energy	1
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes	0
, overblown enterprise	0
the inspiration	1
a tired , predictable	0
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love	1
to be taken seriously	1
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
makes it a party worth attending	1
all the right ways	1
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	0
tired of going where no man has gone before	0
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
sit in neutral	0
barrie good time	1
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	0
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
the surprise ending	1
sweet , and intermittently hilarious	1
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star	1
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy	1
an energy to y tu mamá también	1
, with a solid cast ,	1
at least passably real	1
lavish period scenery	1
it is a whole lot of fun	1
of determination and the human spirit	1
literate	1
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
an important movie ,	1
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt	0
unique niche	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
of family , forgiveness and love	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
distinguishes	1
obnoxious 88-minute	0
boasts some tart tv-insider humor	1
saucy	1
their project so interesting	1
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans	1
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
dehumanizing	0
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled	1
complete	1
collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
scoring high	1
with wisdom and emotion	1
to feel funny and light	1
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
claude	1
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
family-oriented	1
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	1
a wildly inventive mixture	1
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition	1
's impossible to shake .	0
blow it off the screen	0
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
make it well worth watching	1
( a ) satisfying niblet	1
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department	0
disappointingly generic nature	0
, illuminating study	1
ends up falling short as a whole	0
crystallize key plot moments	1
the extent to which it succeeds	1
for all the wrong reasons besides .	0
a film of epic scale	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it	1
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	0
the serbs themselves	1
are so well	1
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look	1
a lot smarter than your average bond .	1
remains brightly optimistic ,	1
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	1
stiletto-stomps the life out	0
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
doze off during this one	0
cannon 's confidence	1
profoundly moving documentary	1
the lousy tarantino imitations	0
being a total rehash	0
recommend ``	1
condescending	0
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them	1
schiffer	1
in one forum or another	1
sneaks up on you	1
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone	1
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	1
fizzle	0
and cinemantic flair	1
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter	0
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
at three hours and with very little story or character development	0
anguished	0
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	0
beaches	1
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve	1
low-grade	0
of its sweeping battle scenes	1
naive dreams	0
soars above the material realm	1
starts with a legend	1
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	1
skillful and	1
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
deliver a few gut-busting laughs	1
an enjoyable film in its own right	1
horrendously confusing	0
do a homage	1
wishy-washy	0
the film itself is small and shriveled	0
is never satisfactory .	0
complaints i might have	0
the utter cuteness	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality	0
the logic	1
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients	1
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) ,	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm	1
wildlife	1
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	0
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me	1
been worth cheering as a breakthrough	1
without being shrill	1
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	0
does n't work because there is no foundation for it	0
satisfying summer	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,	1
well-defined sense	1
has plenty of laughs .	1
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
a cutting hollywood satire	1
there is truth here	1
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere	1
a sexy , surprising romance ...	1
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride	1
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	0
ensemble cast romances recently	1
some cute moments ,	1
simply a re-hash of the other seven films	0
sleep-inducing	0
enlightened	1
a rip-off	0
as ` wayne	1
an emotional wallop	1
clunky	0
fun	1
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy	0
not good	0
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	1
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
the payoff is powerful and revelatory	1
believability	1
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
is not entirely successful	0
is a triumph of imagination	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else	0
the best animated	1
're on the edge of your seat	1
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
a vivid , spicy footnote	1
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection	1
its solemn pretension	0
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon	1
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
's pauly shore awful .	0
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
the original was n't a good movie	0
by shooting itself in the foot	0
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down	0
awesome	1
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
jovial	1
are served with a hack script	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man	0
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation	0
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
very depressing movie	0
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
consummate actor	1
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
trapped and	0
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy	0
is frequently amusing	1
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship	0
spoofs and celebrates	1
fighting the same fights	0
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen	1
by poor casting	0
passion , and genius	1
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,	0
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
for people who make movies and watch them	1
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	1
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
the action scenes are poorly delivered	0
superficial and	0
no wit ,	0
endlessly superficial .	0
totally past his prime	0
this clever and very satisfying picture	1
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	0
the mood is laid back	1
plot contrivances	0
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
most inventive	1
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
story is almost an afterthought	0
scratching your head	0
, can not overcome blah characters	0
one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
that 's neither completely enlightening	0
seriously dumb characters	0
fairly basic comedic constructs	1
offering next to little insight	0
shamelessly money-grubbing	0
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair	1
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio	1
compelling motion	1
a brazenly misguided project	0
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	0
how inept is serving sara ?	0
evolved from star to superstar	1
this terrific film	1
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination	0
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
ca n't recommend it enough .	1
discoveries	1
it does n't disappoint .	1
recipe , inspiring	1
if considerably less ambitious ,	0
if good-hearted , movie .	1
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor	1
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
begins as a seven rip-off	0
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
fun factor	1
most thoughtful fictional examination	1
too deep	0
pretty decent	1
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm	1
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	0
lagging near the finish line	0
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	1
sweet and modest	1
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but	1
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film	1
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
1993 classic	1
drown yourself	0
go back to sleep .	0
is a distinct rarity , and an event	1
plain crap	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas	1
startling story	1
courage and	1
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half	0
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
exploitative garbage	0
aids	0
good time	1
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully	1
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
the concept of loss	0
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending	1
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
far more alienating than involving	0
delicious and delicately	1
lil bow wow takes the cake	1
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
is almost an afterthought	0
genial and	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic	0
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .	1
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
biting and witty feature	1
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake	0
contemptuous of the single female population	0
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	1
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
long for the end	0
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	0
a great cast and	1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	0
oppressively heavy	0
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor	1
high-concept	1
exciting and	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action ,	1
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
the best silly horror movies	1
by a winning family story	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
too predictable and far too cliched	0
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
is a tired one	0
successful on other levels	1
messy	0
lacking about everything	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya	1
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
conceptual feat	1
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge	0
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
obscure the message	0
great performances , stylish cinematography and	1
thinly-conceived	0
obscenely bad dark comedy	0
emotional blandness	0
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	1
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
emotional edge	1
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films	1
an uneasy marriage	0
gave people seizures	0
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison	0
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	0
can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
life 's wonderment	1
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
ingenue	1
tumbleweeds	0
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	1
would be easy for critics to shred it	0
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	1
sad , sick sight	0
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter	0
bland police procedural details , fiennes	0
this flat effort	0
postcard perfect ,	1
, unusual , even nutty	1
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
to make such a worthless film	0
's as good as you remember .	1
complete mess	0
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie	1
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of	1
those who do	1
they do n't fit well together	0
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	0
bull	0
genius	1
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
come away from his film overwhelmed ,	1
deliciously nonsensical comedy	1
succeeds in entertaining	1
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio	0
to just die already	0
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
one relentlessly depressing situation	0
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	1
the worst elements	0
the violence	0
dismal	0
it is clearly a good thing .	1
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie	1
distractions	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	0
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
with sharp ears and eyes	1
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
phenomenal , especially	1
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	1
that place , that time	1
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation	1
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
spectacle and pacing	1
incongruous summer playoff	0
spectacular performance - ahem	1
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness	0
a solid , psychological action film	1
a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
is also a creative urge	1
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time	0
marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner	0
the plot has a number of holes	0
provocative drama	1
the transcendent performance	1
too shallow for an older one .	0
humanizing	1
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
loose , unaccountable direction	0
pretty funny	1
cold and dead	0
a sloppy script	0
since beauty and the beast	1
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and	1
his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
some bad singer-turned actors	0
makes us believe she is kahlo	1
a terrible adaptation	0
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
entertained	1
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	1
, the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,	0
an uncomfortable movie	0
invitingly upbeat overture	1
blasphemous and	0
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich :	1
wo n't care	0
the story has its redundancies , and	0
that i just did n't care	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest	1
is a refreshingly forthright one	1
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
is tepid and tedious	0
make such a worthless film	0
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
a ton of laughs	1
top billing	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre	1
is more likely to induce sleep than fright	0
in grand passion	1
that the material is so second-rate	0
clever ideas	1
watching the proverbial paint dry	0
is clever and funny	1
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
humorless soap opera	0
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	1
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	0
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
passionate	1
reasonably intelligent	1
properly spooky	1
, you 'll cheer .	1
so poorly	0
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	0
ridiculous dialog	0
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	0
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
savvy , compelling	1
deftly captures	1
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
in a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
of new inspiration in it	1
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	1
glides	1
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	0
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
in the worst elements of all of them	0
miscalculates badly	0
liked it just enough .	1
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	0
one of the funnier movies in town .	1
borrowed images	0
the too-frosty exterior	0
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
contempt	0
the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man	1
increasingly amused	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
can such a cold movie	0
left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
her confidence in her material	1
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion	1
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral	0
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined	0
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
the poor and the dispossessed	0
found the perfect material	1
it is n't much fun .	0
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	0
that leaves you wanting more	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and	0
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent	1
yelling in your face for two hours	0
hackneyed and meanspirited	0
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
the worst dialogue	0
intermittently good time	1
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels	0
overblown enterprise	0
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue	0
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom	0
is slow to those of us in middle age	0
whiny	0
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
nostalgic	1
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
a fascinating glimpse	1
gender-provoking	1
amazingly evocative	1
pleasure .	1
uneasy mix	0
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
of pure craft and passionate heart	1
the distinct and very welcome sense	1
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...	0
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject	1
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
noteworthy	1
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge	0
is good , except its timing .	1
shoestring and unevenly	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch	1
playwriting	1
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
good old-fashioned adventure	1
sparkling	1
a rude black comedy	0
emotionally bruised characters	0
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
the only reason	0
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	0
's just tediously bad	0
, excruciatingly tedious	0
enjoy on a certain level	1
clever concept	1
unexpectedly moving	1
predictable and	0
grow boring ...	0
melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
the outstanding thrillers of recent years	1
to cliches and pat storytelling	0
suffer '	0
eee for excitement	1
an often intense character study about fathers	1
cannibal	0
estranged	0
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
a charge of genuine excitement	1
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
, washington has a sure hand .	1
humble , teach	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot	1
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama	0
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
drag it down to mediocrity --	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...	0
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
of visual flair	1
love stories you will ever see	1
disappointingly thin	0
the laborious pacing and	0
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't	0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t	1
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '	0
competent direction	1
this dreary mess	0
are terribly wasted	0
same old garbage	0
is attractive	1
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and	1
an extraordinary faith	1
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title	1
be better as a diary or documentary	0
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up	1
this is the most visually unappealing .	0
demented premise	0
unblinkingly pure as	1
irresponsible sandlerian	0
such a good job	1
unfortunately	0
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	1
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man	0
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
a very charming and funny movie	1
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring	1
's not too bad	1
sick sense	0
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	1
a sappy , preachy one	0
the most disappointing woody allen movie	0
an impressive roster of stars and direction	1
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
a charming but slight comedy	1
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
to bother pleasuring its audience	0
tepid	0
you feel like a chump	0
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity	1
fresh or enjoyable	1
characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
playful iranian parable	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	0
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
poor	0
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
`` empire '' lacks in depth	0
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite	0
some strong supporting players	1
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
meaty subject	1
nourishing	1
of psychopathic pulp	0
are anguished , bitter and truthful	1
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	1
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	0
funny , uplifting and moving	1
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
humor throughout	1
killer soundtrack	1
this waste of time	0
cliched	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
gentle , endearing	1
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate	1
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth	0
keep watching the skies for his next project	1
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
chuckle	1
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	1
offbeat humor	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
flower-power liberation	1
static set ups ,	0
imitation movie	0
a hands-off approach	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :	0
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,	1
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
stylish weaponry	1
fantasti	1
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances	1
a full experience ,	1
be spectacularly outrageous	1
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
there 's no real sense of suspense ,	0
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and	0
occasionally fun	1
a loose , poorly structured film	0
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	0
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	1
a winning comedy	1
boring talking heads ,	0
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
find little new	0
in the tradition	1
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
it does n't leave you with much .	0
this fascinating -- and timely -- content	1
a wild ride	1
'll still be glued to the screen .	1
of nearly epic proportions	1
truly edgy	1
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler	0
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
cinematic pollution	0
loses himself to the film 's circular structure	0
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	0
lost in the murk of its own making	0
time stinker	0
is just lazy	0
as simultaneously funny ,	1
, well , funnier .	1
surehanded	1
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .	0
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter	0
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots	0
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money	0
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
the recording sessions	1
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	1
crack a smile at	1
dull-witted and	0
into a classic genre	1
the comic elements of the premise	1
... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding	1
is like reading a research paper	0
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse	0
amazing !	1
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
the junk-calorie suspense tropes	0
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	1
'll probably run out screaming .	0
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions	0
a dim	0
a grenade with his teeth	0
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	0
chronically	0
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
extra-dry	0
was vile enough	0
ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
forefront	1
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
's surprisingly decent , particularly	1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	0
press the delete key .	0
aging , suffering and the prospect of death	0
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face	0
creepy and dead-on	1
large rewards	1
an advantage	1
can you bear the laughter ?	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness	0
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is	0
handsomely	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna	1
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options	1
a movie that is n't just offensive	0
that relies on more than special effects	1
his best screen	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture	1
enormous feeling	1
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
glows	1
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
is worth your time , especially	1
of his rental car	1
intermittently good	1
shock and amaze	1
is a real charmer	1
hip comedy	1
has been overexposed ,	0
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and	1
speaks volumes	1
its proper home	1
a delicate ambiguity	1
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary	1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
adrenalized	1
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
of artificial suspense	0
er , bubbly	1
re-fried green tomatoes	0
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
the problems of fledgling democracies	0
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,	1
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	0
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
change a nation	1
best screen	1
such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
the flawed support structure	0
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
dumped a whole lot of plot	0
jack o '	1
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one	0
the murk of its own making	0
love , memory	1
an enormously entertaining movie	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere	0
said the film was better than saving private ryan .	1
a coherent rhythm going	1
has its rewards .	1
the dream world of teen life	1
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
are of the highest and the performances	1
bloody beauty as vivid	1
, the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
cinematography and exhilarating	1
masterpiece	1
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
erotic or sensuous charge	1
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me	1
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay	0
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	1
of crap	0
's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
pretty much self-centered	0
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
are more involving than this mess .	0
much funnier film	1
is a far smoother ride .	1
discarded	0
pretty watchable	1
powerful and moving	1
eloquent film	1
by superb	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work ,	1
of male-ridden angst	0
joyous	1
as grand as the lord of the rings	1
best	1
fascinating and	1
efficient ,	1
for the earnest emotional core	1
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
crudely	0
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	1
is visually ravishing	1
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	0
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
ill-fitting	0
a routine crime	0
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	1
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance	0
cedar 's	1
collateral damage is trash , but	0
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
an extraordinary poignancy	1
clever and unexpected	1
dumbed-down	0
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes	1
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
you will probably like it .	1
tian 's meticulous talent	1
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
an undeniably intriguing film	1
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record	1
deeply and rightly	1
of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
, the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
gets under our skin and draws us in long	1
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in	0
powerful direction	1
a straight face	1
to hell	0
noteworthy characters	1
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
the theater wondering why these people mattered	0
its excellent storytelling	1
as a fairly weak retooling	0
the opulent lushness	1
by an angel simplicity	1
very hollowness	0
buffoons	0
are as timely as tomorrow	1
a fantastic dual performance	1
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself	1
far less sophisticated	0
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	1
relying on animation or dumb humor	0
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film	0
executed it takes your breath away .	1
is a truly , truly bad movie	0
a wonderful account to work from	1
good actors ,	1
immensely ambitious	1
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	0
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose	0
fast-paced contemporary society	1
astonishing grandeur	1
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script	1
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
weaves us into a complex web .	1
hooks us	1
hollywood excess	0
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
makes these lives count .	1
crude	0
odd drama	0
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
magnificent swooping aerial shots	1
too thin	0
similar obsessions can dominate a family	0
a funny yet dark	1
in other words , it 's badder than bad .	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	1
some delightful work	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today	1
casual filmgoers	1
catapulting	1
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	0
spooky and subtly	1
the most wondrous love story	1
this ludicrous film	0
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
an admirable storyteller	1
complex and quirky	1
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too	0
piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible	0
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride	1
strong and unforced supporting cast	1
with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
a neat trick	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself	1
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
is certainly easy to watch	1
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	1
it made me feel unclean ,	0
a bit repetitive	0
of surprises	1
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds	0
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	0
the worst kind of mythologizing ,	0
to the edge of your seat	1
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	0
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
is definitely worth	1
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point	0
was n't at least watchable	0
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them	1
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise	0
's appealingly manic and energetic	1
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	0
and artistically inept	0
no character , loveable or otherwise	0
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	0
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge	1
introspective and	1
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni	0
one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
fairy-tale conclusion	1
the enticing prospect	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake	1
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
mediocre end	0
possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
enough , but nothing new	0
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	0
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --	1
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism	1
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	1
the unmentionable	0
except it 's much	1
her pure fantasy character ,	1
great impression	1
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey	1
it was a guilty pleasure	1
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
a wonderous accomplishment	1
weirdo actor crispin glover	0
sparking	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but	0
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
look bad	0
races and rackets	1
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
even delectable	1
an adventure story and history lesson	1
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	1
into a dreary , humorless soap opera	0
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
attraction and interdependence	1
a great way	1
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut .	1
an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again	1
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving	1
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor	1
like a true star	1
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	1
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent	0
of predictable narrative rhythms	0
slash-fest	0
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
good b movies ( the mask , the blob )	1
dynamism	1
degraded things	0
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
appealing veneer	1
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	1
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
an enjoyable big movie	1
far too cliched	0
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
, it does n't even seem like she tried .	0
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard	0
ebullient tunisian film	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
jolts the laughs	1
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart	1
makes it seem fresh again .	1
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
holds up well after two decades	1
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever	1
small ... with considerable aplomb	1
a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
interesting in unfaithful	1
in the right place	1
is particularly impressive .	1
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	0
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
more and more abhorrent	0
a satisfying summer blockbuster and	1
create a complex , unpredictable character	1
hilarious	1
corny examination	0
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
a touching reflection	1
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
stronger	1
be baffled	0
, it throws you for a loop .	1
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	1
its love	1
fine star performances	1
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices	1
obvious copy	0
flawless film	1
makes a wonderful subject for the camera	1
like horrible poetry	0
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film	0
presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	1
scenes and vistas and pretty moments	1
its oscar nomination	1
very humble	1
undeniably intriguing	1
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	1
consistently funny	1
stylish but steady	1
substantive movie	1
easily dismissive	0
shallow and glib	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering	0
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
any dummies guide , something	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
rather listless amble	0
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
the genuinely funny jokes	1
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
artistic	1
miscalculation	0
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece ,	0
a work of art	1
grows up	1
when it drags	0
the face of death	0
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy	1
the astute direction of cardoso and	1
inane	0
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller	0
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
audience-pleaser	1
from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
an interesting story	1
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes	0
's horribly depressing and not very well done	0
poetry in motion	1
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	0
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
this italian freakshow	0
a little weak	0
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
amused by the idea	1
a stirring tribute	1
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	1
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor	0
the best of them	1
an inarticulate screenplay	0
as darkly funny	1
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters	0
optimistic	1
more than adequately fills the eyes and	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	1
wonder .	1
hastily and amateurishly	0
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	0
so old-fashioned	0
sheer audacity and openness	1
neatly	1
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs	1
a tired , unnecessary retread ...	0
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
under-inspired , overblown enterprise	0
's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
most pitiful	0
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill	1
it has plenty of laughs .	1
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	0
perfect starting point	1
clarke-williams 's	1
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs	1
this a charmer	1
very sluggish	0
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher	1
no lika da accents so good	0
cheesier to cheesiest	0
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy	0
potty-mouthed enough	0
feel good about themselves	1
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
vibrantly colored and	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	1
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
really awful	0
restrained and subtle	1
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
understanding of the expressive power of the camera	1
will wear thin on all	0
cinematic car wreck	0
runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor	0
too cliched	0
well-paced and	1
stay away .	0
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
full of deep feeling	1
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth	1
, this film should not be missed .	1
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
mundane '70s	0
a spark of new inspiration in it	1
' romantic	1
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time	0
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music	1
merely pretentious --	0
carefully choreographed	1
with unexpected comedy	1
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home	0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
inadvertently sidesplitting it	0
almost generic	0
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
is often preachy and poorly acted	0
carmen ( vega ) and	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	1
great cast	1
awkward	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions	1
sleaziness	0
been lost in the mail	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully	1
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	0
solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
is firing his r&d people	0
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
well loved classic	1
humor	1
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,	1
treading water at best in this forgettable effort	0
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia	0
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but	1
a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
dreadful day	0
that its own action is n't very effective	0
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of	0
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	1
into comedy futility	0
marvelously	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy	1
a smart	1
swept away '	1
be numbing	0
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	1
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas	1
epiphanies	1
of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie	1
do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
, it would still be beyond comprehension	0
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
the devastation of this disease	0
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes	0
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
imaginative	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture	1
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity	0
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
abject suffering	0
the relationships were wonderful	1
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots	0
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
allegiance to chekhov	1
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes	1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study	1
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
, scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and	1
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver	1
a simple tale	1
that it ca n't really be called animation	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	0
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
be rewarded with some fine acting	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense	1
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
're at the right film	1
having fun with it all	1
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films	0
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	1
a stand up and cheer flick	1
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
excellent	1
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
labored gags	0
with a core of decency	1
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another	0
disaster	0
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
ignored it	0
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate	0
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged	0
a fully engaged supporting cast	1
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	0
a catastrophic collision	0
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
an auspicious feature debut for chaiken	1
is nearly impossible to look at or understand	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies	1
that has made tucker a star	1
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	0
his surprising discovery of love and humility	1
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
live-wire film	1
slip into hokum	0
is a tale worth catching .	1
be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
erotically frank	1
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater	1
much self-centered	0
marvel again	1
than its fair share of saucy	1
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	1
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section	0
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	1
of delightful hand shadows	1
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	0
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
is handled with intelligence and care	1
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is	1
a major director is emerging in world cinema	1
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
is a very good viewing alternative for young women	1
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work	1
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
gusto	1
incredible	1
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	0
repetitive	0
the familiar , funny surface	1
does n't have big screen magic	0
of breathtaking mystery	1
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
flashy , overlong soap	0
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it	1
overinflated mythology	0
at all the wrong times	0
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and	0
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
weak claims	0
the worst films	0
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	1
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
sumptuous stream	1
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
... stale and uninspired .	0
the results are far more alienating than involving .	0
laughed	1
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	0
its own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
distinguished film legacy	1
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
no steve martin	0
vein	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine	0
big bloody stew	0
bogged down	0
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
are some fairly unsettling scenes	0
film a must for everyone	1
to be distasteful to children and adults alike	0
so-five-minutes-ago pop music	0
this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
the story relevant in the first place	1
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
of our most flamboyant female comics	1
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	1
all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	1
an overexposed waste	0
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and	1
of musical passion	1
disastrous	0
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through	0
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career	1
a rollicking adventure	1
consistent embracing humanity	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery ,	0
mushy as peas	0
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher	0
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .	0
surprisingly brilliant	1
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
paper-thin supporting characters	0
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
with tremendous skill	1
shining	1
gorgeously strange movie	1
the sentimental cliches	0
warm and exotic	1
stimulate	1
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance	1
see nothing in it	0
an ideal	1
finery	1
romance-novel	1
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
that makes it attractive throughout	1
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom	0
serenity	1
this engaging film	1
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
really bad imitation	0
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
seems timely and important .	1
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
clichés and mawkish dialogue	0
grief drives her	0
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	0
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action	1
its worst harangues	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and	0
infantile , redundant , sloppy	0
robert duvall	1
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
self-mocking ,	0
, green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
the well-wrought story	1
amusing and unexpectedly insightful	1
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
two star script	0
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
catch it ... if you can !	1
intelligent screenplay	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen	1
enthusiasm	1
true to its animatronic roots	1
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack	1
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
so insanely stupid ,	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but	1
wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades	1
honestly nice	1
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich	1
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran .	1
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
affectionately	1
has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
his machismo	1
ruins every single scene he 's in	0
decent kid-pleasing	1
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is	0
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
even its target audience talked all the way through it	0
intelligent movie	1
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
low , very low , very very low	0
the film 's lamer instincts	0
energetic , extreme-sports adventure	1
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up	0
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents	1
potentially trite and overused concept	0
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
in as flat	0
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
difficult and	0
the problem with wendigo ,	0
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
a terrible story	0
others in the genre	1
equally impressive degree	1
no explanation or even plot relevance	0
inspirational love story	1
good poetry	1
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --	1
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
complex story	1
is both stimulating and demanding	1
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	0
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
a feast	1
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
warm and exotic .	1
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex	0
remains a chilly , clinical lab report	0
also intriguing and honorable ,	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	0
left a few crucial things out ,	0
first real masterpiece	1
here is unusually tame	0
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
sodden and glum	0
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence	0
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
treads old turf	0
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
certainly ca n't recommend it	0
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
well-wrought	1
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
strong , measured work	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary	1
the movie is loaded with good intentions	1
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
the performances of their careers	1
especially well-executed	1
cool	1
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties	0
endeavors	1
strongest film	1
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	1
a talented director	1
outstanding	1
a hit -	1
a prince of a fellow	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up	0
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
low , very low	0
spectacularly well	1
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
tried as a war criminal	0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	0
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,	0
the best performance from either in years	1
of a big , tender hug	1
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
limps along	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing	0
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
emptiness	0
in a dysfunctional family	0
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
sickeningly	0
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	1
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid	0
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices	1
vowing , `	1
a fascinating character 's	1
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying	1
bother to rent this on video	0
impeccable study	1
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category ,	0
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	1
excellent music	1
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and	0
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
a convincing impersonation	1
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	0
the animation and game phenomenon	1
formulaic equations	0
intoxicating atmosphere	1
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,	1
behind the project	1
coming-of-age portrait	1
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power	1
a winner	1
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script	1
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
a black hole of dullness	0
on standard horror flick formula	0
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
make this worth a peek .	1
more confident	1
cheap-looking	0
a tragic dimension	0
wastes its time on mood rather than	0
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
letdown	0
sad and rote exercise	0
the best performance	1
is generally light enough	1
plodding ,	0
rather routine	0
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
'd need a shower	0
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it	0
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are	0
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
in the mood for an intelligent weepy	1
ultimately empty examination	0
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters	0
has no point	0
confessions is n't always coherent ,	0
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	0
becomes unwatchable	0
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
hypocritical	0
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
prepare to marvel again	1
had to endure last summer	0
to the familiar topic of office politics	1
a pitch-perfect holden	1
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell	0
muddled , repetitive and ragged	0
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
uncommonly sincere	1
soullessness	0
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	1
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing	1
a scrooge or two	0
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
obsessive love	1
talent	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss	1
with flabby rolls	0
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
clarity	1
poo	0
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating	1
a rich tale of our times	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view	1
and movie life	1
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
that works against itself	0
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds	0
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .	0
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
idiotic	0
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
shoplifts	0
of true inspiration	1
a timid , soggy near miss	0
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
` ace ventura ' rip-off	0
goodness for this signpost	1
marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich	1
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
a laugh riot	1
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality	1
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
that he 's the best brush in the business	1
it 's moving	1
so many red herrings ,	0
grade-school audience	0
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes	1
often-hilarious	1
compelling story to tell	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood	1
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	1
honest emotions	1
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
lousy movie	0
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
introspective portrait	1
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
to being very funny	1
flick that scalds like acid	0
a funny and touching film	1
cinematic touchstone	1
quiet power	1
trashy time	0
wrong	0
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics	0
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
what 's most offensive	0
weirdly likable	1
whimper	0
nazi	0
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic	1
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	1
most personal	1
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story	1
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances	1
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	1
winning portrayal	1
be an honest and loving one	1
adams just copies	0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	0
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
enthusiastically	1
's superficial and unrealized	0
keenest pleasures	1
the most amazing super-sized dosage	1
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together	1
kind of an authentic feel	1
might turn on many people to opera , in general	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort	1
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path	1
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but	0
is to be mesmerised .	1
charming	1
the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
a fascinating part	1
downright comically evil	0
of blaxploitation flicks	0
sending the audience	1
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser	1
ponderous and charmless	0
call the film ` refreshing	1
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce	1
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
to fill time	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
of one of the best films	1
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
as tryingly as the title	0
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
horrified	0
sexy beast	1
an extremely unpleasant film	0
powerful	1
about otherwise dull subjects	0
cold , gray , antiseptic	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories	0
remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
that would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
a compelling french psychological drama	1
faltering	0
... a confusing drudgery .	0
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
the best straight-up	1
, shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea	0
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
marvelous first 101 minutes	1
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
is astonishing .	1
a remarkable movie	1
it 's self-defeatingly decorous	0
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past	1
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	1
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat	1
and church meetings	1
similarly ill-timed antitrust	0
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
desert	0
stereotypical familial quandaries	0
vampire fun	1
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment	1
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	1
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one	1
well worthwhile	1
nifty plot line	1
sickeningly real	1
on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee	1
oo many of these gross out scenes ...	0
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	0
so perfect	1
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	0
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys	1
wonderfully edited	1
wasted in it	0
to remember	1
self-flagellation	0
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project	0
work -- is charming ,	1
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images	1
knows everything and answers all questions ,	1
live the mood	1
really work	1
contrived and secondhand	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer	0
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
well-formed	1
uplifting	1
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with	0
hero	1
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive	0
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
are very , very good reasons	1
of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
equally assured	1
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	0
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
far more interested in gross-out humor	0
adds substantial depth	1
lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	1
having been slimed in the name of high art	0
in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
in his chilling , unnerving film	1
sluggish , tonally uneven .	0
for historical truth and realism	1
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	0
would n't want to live waydowntown	0
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe	1
looks genuinely pretty	1
the script and characters hold sway	1
an unrewarding collar	0
the cleverest	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role --	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ,	1
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	1
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away	0
old-fashioned scary movie	1
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change	1
fascinating but flawed look	1
talky , artificial and opaque	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	1
you feel good	1
very compelling , sensitive ,	1
is not only a love song to the movies	1
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers	0
a hole in your head	0
more forced than usual	0
elegantly balanced movie	1
wise folks that they are	1
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be	1
her considerable talents	1
an ounce of honest poetry	1
some very good acting , dialogue ,	1
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	1
hardened indie-heads	0
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
, contrived sequels	0
excruciating demonstration	0
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	1
point at things that explode into flame	0
a halfwit plot	0
affirming '	1
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
infantile	0
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up	1
with such provocative material	1
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
rather bland	0
their quirky and fearless ability	1
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
alternately hilarious and sad	1
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	0
an edgy thriller	1
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	0
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace	1
moviegoing pleasures	1
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing	1
spreads them pretty thin	0
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man	0
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive	0
is repetitious	0
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
trouble every day is a plodding mess .	0
powerful , naturally dramatic	1
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
pitch-perfect forster	1
enter	1
cunning	1
lovely and	1
suitable summer entertainment	1
's insecure in lovely and amazing ,	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	1
have a reasonably good time with the salton sea	1
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing	0
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is	0
have a passion for the material	1
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	1
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
of the most genuinely sweet films	1
strong and	1
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
on sophisticated , discerning taste	1
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	0
an imaginative filmmaker	1
is an amicable endeavor	1
touching movie	1
young romantics	1
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
's most memorable about circuit	1
into the art film pantheon	1
a classical dramatic animated feature ,	1
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie	0
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	1
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon	1
crawls along	0
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
collapses	0
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short	0
most surprising thing	1
corny sentimentality	0
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
as the long-faced sad sack	0
visual poetry	1
most brilliant work	1
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making	0
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing	1
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	1
pedro	1
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	1
quite endearing .	1
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
this emotional misery	0
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style	1
enough cool	1
for the kids	1
their enthusiasm	1
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back	1
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
to arrest development in a dead-end existence	0
the film 's considerable charm	1
full of surprises	1
a strong thumbs	1
the confusing sexual messages	0
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	0
of pure misogynist evil	0
like a 10-course banquet	1
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
bad taste	0
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage	0
instantly forgettable and	0
of high humidity	1
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
, cynical	0
, it 's icky .	0
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music	0
with an avid interest in the subject	1
wo n't be disappointed	1
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
the highest production values	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message	1
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike	0
to have bitterly forsaken	0
satisfying crime drama	1
those prone to indignation need not apply	0
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue	1
i liked it just enough .	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon	1
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --	1
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle	0
decent performance	1
one of a really solid woody allen film	1
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
a movie this bad	0
the murder	0
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	1
sorvino is delightful in the central role .	1
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
does n't make much	0
is as difficult for the audience to take as it	0
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie	0
, elusive , yet inexplicably	1
good ,	1
much to do , too little time to do it in	0
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .	1
unimpeachable clarity	1
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is	0
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
amused	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	1
would have a hard time sitting through this one	0
dates	1
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
negligible work	0
recreation to resonate	1
old	0
will probably be a talky bore	0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
finds warmth	1
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
good-hearted	1
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
hilarity	1
does n't live up to material	0
wit and originality	1
delight	1
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers	1
engage	1
personal velocity	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and	0
thought-provoking film	1
the road	1
hilarious )	1
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn	1
, blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
cannon 's confidence and	1
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
true love	1
engages us	1
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity	0
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease	1
reprehensible	0
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst	1
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	1
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
touching good sense on the experience of its women	1
construct a story	1
turn out okay	1
weird and wonderful	1
far more meaningful story	1
with leonine power	1
ultimate insignificance	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational	1
is simply brilliant	1
, there 's much to recommend the film .	1
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
rendered in as flat	0
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	1
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick	0
's so tedious	0
strays past the two and a half mark	0
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	1
handily	1
independent film	1
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy	1
smokers only	0
wrong reasons	0
a live-wire film	1
fantastically vital movie	1
leguizamo 's best movie work	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired	1
pretty decent kid-pleasing	1
its invitingly upbeat overture	1
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
really bad	0
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
frustrated	0
brought down	0
sag in certain places	0
murder and mayhem	0
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
, heartwarming yarn	1
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
never fails to entertain	1
bored	0
glum as mr. de niro	0
brady	1
`` besotted '' is misbegotten	0
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
've a taste for the quirky	1
uninspired story	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,	0
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .	0
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure	0
thinly-conceived movie .	0
makes you feel genuinely good	1
horrible	0
just a string of stale gags ,	0
with its own solemn insights	1
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
a solid sci-fi thriller	1
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,	0
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
are funny .	1
one lousy movie .	0
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
slightly flawed	0
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
rates as an exceptional thriller	1
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
is intelligently	1
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
sometimes inadequate	0
revealing nothing	0
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
on , well , love in the time of money	1
seagal	0
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,	0
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
the wonder of mostly martha	1
flashy	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan	0
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	0
universal human impulse	1
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .	0
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie	0
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
few things more frustrating	0
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally	1
silly summer entertainment	1
does n't make sense	0
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
ultimate movie experience	1
never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
brave	1
less a story	0
gritty	1
a welcome relief	1
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled	0
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	1
alienate	0
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy	1
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
rich and intelligent	1
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
labute continues to improve .	1
the screenplay falls somewhat short	0
the action as gripping	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
i loved on first sight and , even more important	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
wait to see it then	0
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
to a harrison ford low	0
be a bit repetitive	0
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
at least funny	1
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair	0
the absurdities and inconsistencies	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;	0
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
of the lightweight female empowerment	0
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	1
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
very top	1
major waste	0
the surface histrionics	0
a huge box-office	1
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
melancholic	0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	1
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
the movie looks genuinely pretty .	1
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
too bland and	0
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
made a more sheerly beautiful film	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism	0
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
already knows it 's won	1
seen this summer	1
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass	0
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
to accomplish	1
making reference to other films and trying to be other films	0
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
that you had already seen that movie	0
a pedestrian , flat drama	0
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	0
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor	1
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
beneath otherwise tender movements	1
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
credible	1
that attracts the young and fit	1
a disney pic	1
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
smart and funny	1
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
than this mess	0
it 's going to be a trip	1
overflows with wisdom and emotion .	1
a grand fart	0
across as shallow and glib though	0
worth the effort	1
money-grubbing	0
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking	0
sprightly	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	1
questionable satirical ambivalence	0
reasonably good time	1
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
astonish and	1
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	0
find much fascination in the swinging	1
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid	0
the pleasure of his sounds and images	1
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here	0
well told .	1
goes to absurd lengths	0
helps little	0
of the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting	1
unsympathetic	0
, unlikeable people	0
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
like ` praise the lord	1
emerge with unimpeachable clarity	1
this is one of the year 's best films .	1
own languorous charm	1
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor	0
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
sounds like horrible poetry .	0
gushing	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and	0
infectiously	1
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .	1
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad	0
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
real winner	1
landmark	1
kill the effect	0
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
might actually want to watch .	1
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are	0
film that loses sight of its own story .	0
dreary tale of middle-class angst	0
interesting and	1
as pure over-the-top trash	0
the results are tired	0
brilliantly played	1
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	1
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera ,	1
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have	1
, heart-felt drama	1
engaging , wide-eyed actress	1
wonderful	1
a kind of perpetual pain	0
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
tart	1
attractive and talented	1
're desperate for the evening to end	0
cleverly	1
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool	0
than to rush to the theater for this one	0
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	1
patchy combination of soap opera ,	0
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
delightfully charming --	1
have marked an emerging indian american cinema	1
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	1
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	0
appalling	0
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
's not just a feel-good movie	1
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe	0
graceless and	0
waldo salt screenwriting award	1
comedy , caper thrills	1
the most magical and most fun family fare	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,	0
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
the best actors there is	1
then blood work is for you .	1
relative letdown .	0
ca n't quite live up to it	0
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	1
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job	1
memorable character creations	1
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
energy and excitement	1
brilliant performances	1
victim to sloppy plotting	0
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
greatest hits	1
paranoia	0
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action	0
flawless film ,	1
its rather slow beginning	0
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --	1
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
, you 're in luck .	1
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
good pace	1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
a few cheap shocks	0
silly -- and gross --	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...	1
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
'll only put you to sleep .	0
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	0
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design	0
a fascinating study	1
entertaining and	1
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken	0
, paralyzed	0
of california	1
graces	1
as darkly funny , energetic	1
cinematic postcard	1
castrated	0
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure	0
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,	1
enticing and often funny documentary .	1
disappointing to a certain degree	0
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	0
the achingly unfunny phonce	0
phenomenal performances	1
even while his characters are acting horribly	0
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :	0
impersonal	0
splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
soft-porn	0
pretty good little movie	1
odoriferous thing ...	0
articulates	1
told with competence	1
is at 22 a powerful young actor	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked	1
of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
orgasm	1
of cheesy dialogue	0
gut-wrenching	1
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
are masterfully controlled .	1
ultimately lifeless	0
highest production values	1
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
remarkable and novel	1
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies	1
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment	1
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	1
things really get weird , though not particularly scary	0
required genuine acting from ms. spears	1
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
style and mystification	1
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead	0
a serious movie with serious ideas	1
letdown .	0
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
as if he or she has missed anything	0
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
without much interest in the elizabethans	0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid	0
observant , unfussily poetic meditation	1
've completely	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
a beautifully	1
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	0
seem to hit	1
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject	1
something bigger than yourself	1
the thinness of its characterizations	0
, intimate and intelligent	1
offer audiences	1
crisp clarity	1
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
something of a stiff --	0
you turn stupid	0
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
who might enjoy this	1
makes for a touching love story ,	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book	1
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
flavorless	0
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
goal	1
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	1
horrifyingly , ever	0
the slapstick is labored ,	0
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	0
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
... is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
real psychological grounding	1
creeping in others	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film	1
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
a fan of the genre	1
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	0
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
has lost its edge	0
they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
, light treat	1
a string of exotic locales	1
spontaneity in its execution	1
an audience 's	1
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious ,	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	0
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects	1
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
self-discovery	1
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman	1
written by somebody else	0
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past	1
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life	1
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence	1
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny	1
endearing about it	1
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
depress you	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable	0
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
solid , spooky	1
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	1
william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly	1
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper	0
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
stiff or just plain bad	0
one level	1
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
overcomes its visual hideousness	0
celebrate	1
a sparkling newcomer	1
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	1
as the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
went over my head or	0
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan	0
this rich and luscious	1
large-format	1
these women 's	1
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
most third-rate horror sequels	0
niches	1
is n't heated properly ,	0
's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
, fetishistic violence	0
refreshingly forthright	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that	0
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness	0
something rare and riveting	1
unnerving suspense	1
unique way shainberg	1
slummer	0
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but	1
sad , sordid universe	0
politically audacious	1
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment	0
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and	0
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages	1
love liza 's tale	1
ordinary and obvious	0
material this rich it does n't need it	1
a bad movie , just mediocre	0
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise	0
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
to behold in its sparkling beauty	1
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
directed , barely ,	0
strong narrative	1
special effect	1
unfortunate title	0
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
it was particularly funny	1
imperfect ?	0
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
is just the point	1
movie special	1
in such a gloriously goofy way	1
feels cheated	0
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
teen-sleaze	0
will be lulled into a coma .	0
so well	1
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner	0
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness	1
utterly incompetent conclusion	0
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
meditative	1
is its utter sincerity .	1
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
making kahlo 's art a living ,	1
too blatant	0
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
quite a bit of heart	1
capturing	1
rich historical subject	1
delirious fun .	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	1
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ,	1
unblinkingly pure as the hours	1
emotionally strong	1
it is very difficult to care about the character	0
unfortunately also	0
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
wins still	1
you can find humor	1
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
far bigger , far more meaningful story	1
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .	1
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers	1
were a person	1
your least favorite	0
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	1
has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
tremble without losing his machismo	1
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard	1
sumptuous ocean visuals	1
a predictable , manipulative stinker	0
dreary	0
a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
art and commerce	1
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one	1
's crafty , energetic and smart	1
gutless	0
drag the movie	0
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
this waste	0
captivating and intimate	1
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining	0
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
does n't work	0
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work ,	1
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
bore	0
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
a movie without an apparent audience	0
freeman and judd make it work	1
spaces	1
a been-there ,	0
greatest films	1
a solid formula	1
its mind	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan	1
just brilliant in this	1
an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
its own existence	1
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	0
`` project greenlight '' winner	1
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned	1
an extended , open-ended poem	1
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view	0
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .	1
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
no particular bite	0
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ;	0
by a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting	1
as mindless	0
of ridiculousness	0
the curse of a self-hatred instilled	0
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	0
low-budget , video-shot	0
always entertaining	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire	1
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
, inner-city autistic	0
landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
figures prominently in this movie , and	1
not particularly scary	0
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	1
distaste	0
as an actor 's showcase	1
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
an all-around good time at the movies this summer	1
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
blockbuster	1
frightening and compelling	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
very ugly , very fast	0
hardly watchable	0
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
depressing story	0
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	1
's attracting audiences to unfaithful	1
concentration	1
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial	1
that no wise men will be following after it	0
engage and even touch us	1
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
exceptionally dreary and overwrought	0
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	1
wide-awake all the way through	1
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor	0
novel charm	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller	1
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo	1
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	0
are both listless	0
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
infectious enthusiasm	1
, low-budget constraints	0
what 's best about	1
how ridiculous and money-oriented	0
disappointing	0
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
is extremely funny	1
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
warmth and longing	1
those exceedingly rare films	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters	1
's smooth and professional	1
may seem disappointing in its generalities	0
too erotic nor very thrilling	0
of its plot contrivances	0
christian love	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
astounding	1
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	0
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	1
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
vibrantly colored	1
the laughs	1
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .	0
, it actually hurts to watch .	0
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	0
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
lame entertainment	0
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
occasionally fun enough	1
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	0
only open new wounds	0
holland lets things peter out midway ,	0
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
wise-beyond-her-years	1
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture	1
smart ,	1
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
a negligible british comedy .	0
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
blast	1
of obligatory cheap	0
a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
a lot of energy	1
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
an excellent job	1
entertain	1
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
slow , predictable and	0
's never dull and always looks good .	1
plant smile-button faces	1
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future	1
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message	0
so low	0
easy to swallow ,	1
heralds something special	1
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us	0
too few laughs	0
a couple hours of summertime	1
at once visceral and spiritual	1
the delete key	0
though they are having so much fun	1
i enjoyed it just as much !	1
to its ultimate demise	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget	1
dopey	0
has the usual impossible stunts	1
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations	0
emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
dying fall	0
oddly sweet comedy	1
effortlessly	1
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
duds	0
a blast	1
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost	1
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
a child 's pain	0
, i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
too big	0
ca n't miss it .	1
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily	0
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness	1
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	1
does n't do a load of good	0
for one of the worst movies of one year	0
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
impress	1
feral and uncomfortable	0
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	1
amused indictment	1
crafted	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	1
supremely good	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor	0
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits	1
their charisma	1
good , organic character work	1
holiday carol	1
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	0
a naturally funny film ,	1
epic cinema	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen	1
quickly wears out its limited welcome	0
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you	1
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances	1
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
the chaotic horror	0
be as entertaining	1
sheerly cinematic appeal	1
friendship , love , and the truth	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	0
brings together	1
is rigid and evasive in ways	0
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions	1
bad-movie way	0
pay reparations to viewers	0
say for plenty of movies	1
avid	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --	0
a well-deserved reputation as one	1
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	1
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way	0
painfully slow cliche-ridden film	0
like a lazy summer afternoon	1
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
smug grin	0
toilet-humor codswallop	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and	1
of the worst of the entire franchise	0
that it 's offensive , but	0
feeble	0
is both convincing and radiant	1
denzel washington 's fine performance	1
in its sparkling beauty	1
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	0
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
slap her - she 's not funny !	0
remarkable new trick	1
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	0
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
this modern mob music drama	1
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
even kids deserve better .	0
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .	0
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part	0
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play	0
undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
like mere splashing around	0
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	0
a knockout of a closing line	1
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting	1
sustains it beautifully	1
becoming a better person through love	1
its apparent glee	1
not a good movie	0
that rare documentary	1
coarse , cliched and clunky	0
gives an intriguing twist	1
less successful	0
elegant technology for the masses	1
creepy-scary	1
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
is one of the year 's best films	1
of the really bad blair witch project	0
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
the soggy performances	0
a bland animated sequel that	0
angel	1
not great	0
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
strong voices	1
the-night	1
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera	1
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book	1
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
anyone 's guess	0
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy	0
torture and self-mutilation	0
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
unique	1
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	1
in-depth portrait	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :	0
for laughs and not the last time	1
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
a delicately crafted film	1
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
barn-burningly bad movie	0
of a physician who needs to heal himself	0
most edgy piece	1
as imaginative as one might have hoped	1
... is dudsville .	0
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	1
musical number	1
perfect festival film	1
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness	1
while the production details are lavish	1
, poignant and leavened	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent	0
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
happily	1
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
an equally miserable film the following year	0
a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick	0
a heroic tale	1
a soulful , incisive meditation	1
is truth	1
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable	1
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
go down with a ship as leaky	0
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but	0
he 's the best brush in the business	1
moving and vibrant	1
funny situations and	1
nicely done	1
business and pleasure	1
giant spider invasion comic chiller	1
a worthy entry	1
handsome	1
marred	0
is extremely thorough .	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy	0
slap	0
to inject farcical raunch	0
dragged on	0
sleazy moralizing	0
with the american dream	1
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,	0
both convincing and radiant	1
does all of this , and more	1
super heroes	1
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
fuzziness	0
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
turd squashed	0
what an idea , what a thrill ride	1
hurried , badly cobbled look	0
well-written	1
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours	0
inoffensive	0
best korean film	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them	0
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
exceedingly memorable one for most people	1
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of	1
the smartest	1
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary	1
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...	1
the ideal outlet	1
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
mindless	0
more than ably	1
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments	1
clunky tv-movie	0
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one	0
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride	1
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
amusedly ,	1
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock	0
clever and unflinching	1
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
for technical flaws to get in the way	0
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story	1
one of cinema 's directorial giants	1
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded	1
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it	1
material this rich	1
's actually watchable	1
a group of talented friends	1
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
your interest until the end and	1
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
addictive	1
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
a monopoly on mindless action	0
doubt the filmmakers ' motives	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness	0
morally bankrupt characters	0
crippled children	0
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world	1
integrating the characters	1
threefold expansion	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and	1
far more often than the warfare	1
septic	0
clichés .	0
crassly flamboyant	0
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	0
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter	0
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	1
nifty premise	1
sensuality and a conniving wit	1
insightfully written , delicately performed	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
more holes	0
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on	0
for intelligibility	1
the timeless spectacle of people	1
out-to-change-the-world	1
emerges as powerful rather than cloying	1
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
illness	0
is definitely worth seeing	1
best about	1
fabulously	1
the nifty premise	1
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
an exquisite motion picture	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	1
sprightly spin	1
not easily and , in the end , not well enough	0
comfortably	1
with pitch-perfect acting	1
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	1
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
enough freshness	1
its clumsiness	0
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .	0
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
the dialogue frequently misses the mark	0
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster	0
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick	0
runs out of ideas	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful	0
a not-so-divine secrets	0
a pleasant piece	1
frequently hilarious	1
its nauseating spinning credits sequence	0
the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
prepare	1
romantic comedy genre	1
falls to the floor with a sickening thud	0
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	0
talking a talk that appeals to me	1
loses its ability to shock and amaze .	0
labute masterfully	1
objective documentary	1
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable	0
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill	0
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry	0
trying to please his mom	1
a satisfying complete picture	1
is interesting	1
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	0
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city	1
preposterous , prurient whodunit	0
gorgeously atmospheric meditation	1
will once again be an honest and loving one	1
is its reliance on formula	0
surprisingly charming	1
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
enjoyably fast-moving	1
our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
may not be a straightforward bio	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore .	0
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
just too bratty for sympathy	0
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	0
, wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
i hated myself in the morning .	0
multi-layered and profoundly	1
junk-calorie	0
a shallow rumination	0
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered	0
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
, vicious and absurd	0
's pauly shore awful	0
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	0
sparse	0
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them	1
could ever have hoped to be	1
rotting	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm ,	1
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	1
visually striking and	1
look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
a breadth of vision and	1
no apparent joy	0
offers winning performances and some effecting moments	1
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	1
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy	1
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits	0
what he does best	1
earthy	1
, it irrigates our souls .	1
becomes instead a grating endurance test	0
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	0
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill	1
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
loneliest dark spots	0
sweet and memorable film	1
going to jell	1
hands-on storytelling	1
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
emptiness and	0
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
muddled and	0
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages	1
birthday girl 's calculated events	0
of the creative act	1
skins has a desolate air	0
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
are uncomfortably strained .	0
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
is simply not enough of interest onscreen	0
accepting him in the role	1
gets its greatest play	1
was so uninspiring	0
fairly ludicrous	0
a huge disappointment coming	0
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
rich details	1
so hot-blooded	1
grows on you --	1
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,	1
genuine excitement	1
earnestness remarkably well	1
pummel us	0
sophisticated , discerning taste	1
worth revisiting	1
oblivious to the existence of this film	0
touching drama	1
terrific score	1
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
a real documentary	1
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
be compelling , amusing and unsettling	1
he allows nothing to get in the way	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there	0
are often more predictable than their consequences	0
boring , pretentious waste	0
of his sweetness and vulnerability	1
wonderfully loopy	1
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
should catch this imax offering .	1
the movie is rather choppy .	0
a morbid one	0
spend years trying to comprehend it	0
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance	0
own style	1
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
is oscar-worthy	1
, kinky fun	1
sincere performance	1
univac-like script machine	0
rude	0
run for cover	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and	0
loopy	0
brings us right into the center of that world	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --	0
denzel	1
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .	0
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually	1
champion	1
releasing	1
empty , fetishistic violence	0
's better than its predecessor	1
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly	1
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	0
a remake by the numbers	0
, it 's just another sports drama/character study .	0
rings false .	0
artless sytle	0
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating	1
fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement	1
just how bad	0
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
terrorist	0
endearing , masterful	1
of describing badness	0
paranoid and unlikable	0
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans	1
the torments and angst	0
there 's definite room for improvement .	0
tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
equally great	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so	0
of torture and self-mutilation	0
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
been kind enough to share it	1
nearly as dreadful as expected	0
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be ,	1
written so well	1
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;	1
phony	0
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	1
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
pastel landscapes	1
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
one of the very best movies	1
constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
both times	1
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion	1
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	0
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	0
jump-in-your-seat moment	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	1
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality	1
serene	1
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny	1
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
sadly	0
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
( a ) soulless ,	0
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	0
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display	1
dread	0
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
striking	1
which is mostly a bore	0
unbalanced mixture	0
dialogue and preposterous moments	0
a weird fizzle	0
of dishonesty	0
auto-critique	0
strangely tempting	1
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
a live-wire film that	1
greatest mistake	0
intelligent flick	1
's better than the phantom menace	1
moving and solidly entertaining	1
and in the best way	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
gorgeous	1
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	0
alluring	1
summery	1
denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role	1
dead-end distaste	0
true and heartbreaking	1
iles	1
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
painfully forced	0
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
pryor wannabe	0
leave a lasting impression	1
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
war	0
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp	0
ludicrous and contrived	0
that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
raucously	1
the extensive use of stock footage	0
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
dumb high school comedy	0
nostalgic comments	1
gawky actor	0
her most charmless	0
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them	0
a total washout	0
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest	0
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls	1
dedicated artists	1
robust and scary	1
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
is : ` scooby ' do n't	0
devoid of wit and humor	0
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end	1
the four feathers comes up short	0
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company ,	0
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema	1
sappy , preachy one	0
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem	1
that we have come to love	1
strikes a very resonant chord	1
the horrible pains of a death	0
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
a minimalist beauty	1
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
adams just copies from various sources --	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,	1
overtly silly dialogue	0
standard formula	0
manipulative and	0
some very good acting , dialogue	1
plenty to impress about e.t.	1
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy	1
rather than provocative	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable	1
an american	1
a fullness that does not negate the subject	1
fine job	1
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
touching british comedy	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
its objective portrait	1
always entertaining , and smartly written	1
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role	1
vulgar dialogue and	0
even better than the fellowship	1
nothing but an episode	0
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	0
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing	1
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	0
bleak	0
the charismatic jackie chan	1
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence	1
an unholy mess ,	0
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree	1
because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
hates	0
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in	0
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	1
it 's a very valuable film ...	1
adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
, obnoxious	0
may fall fast asleep	0
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
treasure	1
is as predictable as the tides .	0
an exceptional thriller	1
its occasional charms	1
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
rigged and sluggish	0
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness	0
thick clouds of denial	0
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
from a woodland stream	1
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film	0
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	0
stoop so low	0
punchier	1
peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
benefit enormously	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
least favorite	0
ramble	0
remarkable piece	1
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
funny ,	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
pretentious	0
ideological	1
no charm ,	0
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	0
rash	0
is a vulgar	0
unpredictable comedy	1
is delicately	1
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
passionate	1
freshman fluke	0
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo	0
increasingly incoherent	0
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
poor dana carvey	0
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
intolerable	0
the martial arts master to top form	1
the early and middle passages	1
hugely entertaining and	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	1
too loud	0
clichés and a dim	0
a beautifully	1
sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,	0
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and	1
's unique and quirky about canadians	1
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
creepy-crawly bug things	0
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve	1
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller	1
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
all end	1
considerable power	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care ,	0
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
very tasteful	1
by this tired retread	0
troubling and	0
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes	0
so convincing	1
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
was funny	1
is shallow , offensive and redundant	0
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
literary desecrations	0
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	0
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
distinguished and thoughtful film	1
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
undeniable entertainment value	1
the outstanding thrillers	1
the film 's problems	0
the movie is in a class by itself	1
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull	0
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	0
eat up	1
ultimately satisfies with its moving story	1
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,	0
very funny joke	1
almost unbearably	0
observations on the human condition	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year	1
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects	1
this film speaks for itself	1
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	0
an adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
screen magic	1
is lightweight filmmaking ,	0
smart , funny and	1
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
jolt you out	1
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	0
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	0
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music	1
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '	1
exploiting molestation for laughs	0
rumor	0
true to its animatronic roots :	1
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	0
picture that does not move .	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	1
is not	0
it is disposable .	0
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	0
family audience	1
fraction	1
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter	1
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
a measure of style	1
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
guessing at almost every turn	1
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
plot holes	0
to make the formula feel fresh	1
then proceeds to flop	0
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit	0
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest	1
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
one strike against it	0
an honestly nice little film	1
a great writer	1
fill the after-school slot	0
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life	0
a customarily jovial air	1
combined with so much first-rate talent	1
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
heart-felt	1
a cinema classic	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural	1
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and	0
, organic character work	1
hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) ,	0
absurdist	0
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and	1
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
mostly believable ,	1
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it	0
with attractive men	1
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
stick to his day job	0
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
funny yet	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film	1
the worst excesses	0
reaction	1
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	0
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	1
a cliché	0
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away	1
a genuine love story	1
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
affectionately goofy	1
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
rueful , wry humor	1
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
feel like time fillers between surf shots .	0
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
is handsome	1
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
produce another smash	1
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life	1
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
churn out one mediocre movie	0
of a phonograph record	1
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
crummy	0
incomprehensible	0
breathtaking mystery	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad	1
visual appeal	1
victorious	1
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though ,	1
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
provides	1
xmas	1
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	0
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
unsatisfying	0
worst sense	0
-- do n't worry	1
on it	1
this wild welsh whimsy	1
a rollicking	1
a solidly entertaining	1
of the lovable-loser protagonist	1
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
, savvy , compelling	1
every visual joke is milked	0
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
, at times sublime , visuals	1
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love	1
sweet , genuine chemistry	1
is worth searching out	1
natural running time	1
the top of their lungs	1
has some of the best special effects ever	1
the insipid script	0
too is a bomb .	0
in this marvelous film	1
the road warrior	1
and vulgar innuendo	0
its rapid-fire delivery	1
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
enjoying the big-screen experience	1
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	0
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us	1
none-too-funny commentary	0
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it	1
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
that only seems to care about the bottom line	0
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel	0
more ridiculous	0
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
work -- is charming	1
see this terrific film with your kids --	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point	1
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
real situations and characters	1
avoid	0
decent material	1
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	0
a step further ,	1
panic	0
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama	1
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	0
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	0
its heart ,	1
buried , drowned and	0
bottom-feeder	0
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies --	1
bitter pill	0
see a movie	1
doze off for a few minutes or	0
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	1
phlegmatic bore	0
the talented cast generally	1
being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	0
is a fragmented film ,	0
this likable movie	1
peak	1
its grand locations	1
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
very ugly	0
giant william randolph hearst	1
passive-aggressive	0
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,	1
lacking any real emotional impact	0
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
`` b +	1
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood	1
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours	0
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
than the real thing	1
feel anything much while watching this movie ,	0
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .	0
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once	1
itself all too seriously	0
sexy , surprising romance	1
an absurdist spider web .	0
and sickening product placement	0
a dentist 's waiting room	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery	1
even more to think about after the final frame	1
lovely trifle	1
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
talked all the way through it	0
does n't add up to much .	0
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,	1
the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
at least it 's a funny no-brainer	1
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
sincerity	1
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal	1
mediocre exercise	0
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
the awfulness of the movie	0
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	1
of a good time	1
the acting is just fine	1
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
crisp and	1
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...	0
familial	1
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	0
affectionately	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want	0
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
far-flung ,	0
curse	0
's really wrong with this ricture	0
cute alien creature	1
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes	0
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but	0
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	0
vile , incoherent	0
laughs at how clever it 's being .	1
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name	0
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )	1
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
surprisingly affecting	1
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia	0
will keep coming	1
serves up with style and empathy	1
his most ardent fans	1
but blatantly biased .	0
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold	1
the intrigue from the tv series	1
simple-minded and stereotypical	0
like a masterpiece	1
the land	1
awfully hard	0
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	1
worth yet another visit	1
all the complexity and	1
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
cliches , painful improbability	0
you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
innovation	1
dumb gags , anatomical humor	0
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor	0
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
warped	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	0
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate	0
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
much colorful eye candy	1
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
a well-mounted history lesson	1
flashes of mordant humor	1
settles too easily	0
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale	1
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
another gross-out college comedy --	0
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	1
a terrible movie in every regard	0
very sluggish pace	0
amuse or entertain them	1
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
comes across as lame and sophomoric	0
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar	0
no reason to exist	0
the values of knowledge , education , and the	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted	1
he will once again be an honest and loving one	1
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise	0
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
on all levels	1
beautifully read	1
itself is small and shriveled	0
on its own , it 's not very interesting .	0
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
's all the stronger because of it	1
it is that it does n't give a damn .	0
tolerable-to-adults	0
to scoring high for originality of plot	1
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	1
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
not without cheesy fun factor .	1
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an	0
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
overmanipulative	0
of the greatest films	1
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	0
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
satisfying conclusions	1
most purely enjoyable	1
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range	1
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
clever	1
of a frustrating misfire	0
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness	1
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	0
a fully developed story	1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	0
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,	1
lethargic	0
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
great american adventure	1
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
to shout insults at the screen	0
i liked about it	1
repetitious	0
the biggest problem i have	0
rusted-out	0
tired retread	0
never fails him	1
to entertain or inspire its viewers	1
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
goofiest	1
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
is a film living far too much in its own head .	0
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,	0
as big a crowdpleaser as	1
heartening	1
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
drowsy drama	0
most daring ,	1
snide and prejudice	0
it may not be particularly innovative ,	0
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted	0
contrived , awkward	0
you would n't want to live waydowntown	0
's pathetic	0
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject	0
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	0
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution	0
is spot on	1
favorite	1
a movie full of surprises	1
lots of effort and intelligence	1
respectable new one	1
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	0
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being	0
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits	0
as intelligent	1
is clearly a good thing	1
made the first one charming	1
a ghost story gone badly awry	0
if you 're up for that sort of thing	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	0
a grand whimper	0
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
, bloody and mean	0
of the delusional personality type	0
loquacious	1
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
their incessant whining	0
to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
wry and engrossing	1
a dumb comedy	0
your favorite pet get buried alive	0
mean-spirited second half	0
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
the head of the class of women 's films	1
bronze	1
this sad , compulsive life	0
like a film so cold and dead	0
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
wiseman is patient and	1
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	0
is deliberately unsettling	0
90-minute dud	0
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school	0
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset ,	0
real human soul	1
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
live happily ever after	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .	1
voice is rather unexceptional	0
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
a bad premise , just a bad movie	0
so sloppy ,	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely	1
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble	1
is a feast for the eyes .	1
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
could n't stand to hear	0
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short	0
although fairly involving as far as it goes	1
run out screaming	0
down on their working-class subjects	0
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
another masterpiece	1
mad	0
it takes your breath away	1
a wonderful film to bring to imax	1
dropped	1
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism	1
genre thrills	1
little mermaid	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions	1
incredibly layered and stylistic	1
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
their lofty perch	1
because it plays everything too safe	0
is impossible	0
amazing film work	1
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma	0
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
a fair share	1
are not to be dismissed	1
elephant feces	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status	1
tired ,	0
settles on a consistent tone .	1
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral	0
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
bland , surfacey way	0
matinee price	1
deflated	0
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	0
delusional	0
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy	1
ultimate	1
an elegant and sly deadpan	1
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny	0
ayurveda does the field no favors	0
as literary desecrations go	0
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc	1
decent tv outing	1
any way of gripping what its point is	0
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	1
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling	0
a neat premise	1
even the digressions are funny .	1
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	0
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	0
a treasure chest of material	1
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
see the attraction for the sole reason	1
is worse :	0
it won -- and wins still	1
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
cherish '	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
new inspiration	1
, well-developed characters	1
the brave , uninhibited performances	1
the best looking and stylish	1
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single	0
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
's funny ,	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry	1
kate is n't very bright	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,	0
consider it ` perfection .	1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	1
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	1
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament	1
to `` interesting ''	1
dud from frame one	0
absurdities and inconsistencies	0
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	0
genuinely good	1
an extreme action-packed film	1
as crisp and to the point	1
personal tragedy and also the human comedy	1
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches	0
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	1
that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
meaningful	1
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
to life in the performances	1
must indeed	1
lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --	0
that rare family movie	1
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	1
atrocities	0
troubling	0
where nothing really happens	0
almost senseless	0
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
discovering your destination in life	1
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
lost the politics and the social observation	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right	1
historically significant , and	1
her pure fantasy character	1
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
finely detailed	1
a listless and desultory affair	0
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
dream of	1
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	1
gone straight to video	0
offers hope	1
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer	1
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither	0
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	0
as tawdry trash	0
lacks considerable brio	0
takes the most unexpected material	1
pale	0
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society	1
screen presence	1
the best of godard 's movies	1
recharged	1
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
bad direction	0
a crowd-pleaser , but then	1
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
as it is interminable	0
as tiresome as 9	0
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	1
's thoroughly winning tone	1
at cheapening it	0
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind	1
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	0
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	0
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
, then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
can easily worm its way into your heart	1
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive	1
cleverly constructed	1
buoyant , expressive	1
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
the right thing	1
it succeeds	1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life	1
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	0
predictable and	0
although ... visually striking and slickly staged	1
imbued with passion and attitude .	1
well-made	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	0
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
a fairly impressive debut	1
cohesive	1
made the full monty a smashing success	1
to sustain laughs	1
too mainstream	0
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	1
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
far too sentimental	0
of great monster/science fiction flicks	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	0
most wondrous	1
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast	0
too much to do , too little time to do it in	0
best and most mature comedy	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
tired , unimaginative and derivative	0
to match the power of their surroundings	1
funny , sweetly adventurous	1
of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
a complex story	1
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
give the movie points for	1
the following things are not at all entertaining :	0
exceptionally well-acted	1
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
stupid ,	0
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end	1
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
achingly enthralling premise	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
enter	1
it 's uninteresting .	0
shaky , uncertain film	0
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	0
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy	0
not a must-own	0
into corny sentimentality	0
this is a heartfelt story	1
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination	1
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit	0
with such exuberance and passion	1
, provocative drama	1
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious	0
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations	0
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential	0
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless	0
the incredibly flexible cast	1
spicy	1
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
the universal themes , earnest performances	1
a definitive counter-cultural document	1
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
wasted	0
both shrill and soporific , and because everything	0
struck a chord in me	1
clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
the positive change in tone	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	0
say it was a guilty pleasure	1
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy	1
is more fun than conan the barbarian	1
a good ear for dialogue	1
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
borrows heavily	0
mind-bending	1
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .	1
romp pile	0
two fine actors , morgan freeman	1
plot , characters ,	1
lusty ,	1
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
is wrong in its sequel	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
freely	1
as lazy	0
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
, there are great rewards here .	1
a deeper story	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,	0
will amuse or entertain them	1
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters	0
believe that people have lost the ability to think and	0
funny or	1
decisive	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented	1
the memorable character creations	1
from dawson 's creek	1
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience	0
sometimes is a brilliant movie .	1
technically sumptuous but	1
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
car to drive through	1
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
relentlessly saccharine	0
sketchy	0
a minor-league soccer remake	0
horrid	0
i did n't smile .	0
solid sci-fi thriller	1
includes too much obvious padding	0
ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
it pretends to investigate	0
a sensitive , moving ,	1
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments	1
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
to the brim with ideas	1
most of it given to children	1
quite a nosedive	0
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film	0
rigid and	0
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force	1
dismember	0
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
of loving	1
quite tasty	1
too few	0
the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
this in the right frame of mind	1
succeeded beyond all expectation	1
an entertainment destination	1
influential	1
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled	1
has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
worthy addition	1
visually graceful	1
ghandi gone bad	0
, charismatic and tragically	1
about a superficial midlife crisis	0
is both stimulating and demanding .	1
appear avant-garde	1
strangling the life out	0
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director	0
is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
the best short story writing	1
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	0
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,	1
stale first act , scrooge story	0
endearing cast	1
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
the aaa of action	1
used my two hours better watching	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,	0
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
is a complete mess	0
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
worst kind	0
followed by the bad idea	0
a stiff	0
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	1
is often preachy	0
good ear	1
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
see who can out-bad-act the other	0
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
an enjoyable comedy	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and	1
good-naturedly	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
nowhere fast	0
a headline-fresh thriller	1
dysfunctional drama	0
too much kid-vid	0
family dynamics	1
all the outward elements of the original	1
be as bored watching morvern callar	0
every suspenseful cliché	0
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning	0
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions	1
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
it was n't horrible either	1
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,	0
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	0
true cinematic knack	1
as a friend	1
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
makes it to the boiling point	1
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience	0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	0
beautifully choreographed	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be	0
in this pretentious mess	0
a life interestingly	1
scum	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing	1
in that something 's horribly wrong	0
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that	0
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
deeply pessimistic	0
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
unrelentingly grim --	0
seem odd bedfellows	0
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
the effort is sincere	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	0
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
her grace with a moving camera	1
he feels like a spectator and not a participant	0
that manages to invest real humor	1
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power	1
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
dylan kidd	1
the immediate aftermath	1
compelling storyline	1
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
, dull procession	0
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough	1
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential	1
completely creatively stillborn	0
a wide summer audience	1
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
becomes more and more frustrating	0
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen	1
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	1
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	0
's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
powerful act	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity	1
masochistic moviegoers	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy	1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	0
destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
bring their characters to life .	1
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
emotionally distant piece	0
another tired old vision	0
quite fun	1
bask in your own cleverness	1
a complete moron	0
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness	1
titillating	1
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
none of which ever seem to hit	0
stale ,	0
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure	0
the perfect festival film	1
mostly honest	1
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	1
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	0
this sucker	0
, the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest ,	0
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and	0
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --	1
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious	1
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	1
bubbly	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
good and ambitious film	1
some good , organic character work	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;	0
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships	0
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope	1
than a mall movie designed to kill time	0
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
half-step	0
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
impeccable	1
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	1
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors	0
to my great pleasure	1
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
is that its own action is n't very effective	0
emphasizes the well-wrought story	1
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances '	1
you were n't invited to the party	0
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	1
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away	1
revolutionary	1
good period reconstruction	1
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
an oddly fascinating depiction	1
a kind of abstract guilt	0
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
pale imitation	0
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs	1
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade	0
seamless	1
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject	1
timid parsing	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real	1
into a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and	0
a sadistic bike flick	0
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''	0
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters	1
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies	1
shoplifts shamelessly	0
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before	1
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
definite room for improvement	0
a visual treat for all audiences	1
visual clarity and deeply	1
hollywood horror	0
well-balanced fashion	1
amiable but	1
all , a great party	1
frequently misses the mark	0
a load of good	1
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted	1
a dullard	0
is often very funny	1
the wildly popular vin diesel	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
tasty performance	1
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
gently funny , sweetly adventurous	1
original cartoon	1
unsettling subject matter	0
spiteful	0
sharp movie	1
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded	1
finely crafted , finely written ,	1
ca n't wait to see end .	1
convincing characters	1
the exuberant openness	1
the overall experience is awesome	1
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
the saturday morning cartoons	1
is so engagingly	1
i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
the whole package	1
the same mistake	0
diminishing his stature	0
leaden and dull	0
the believability of the entire scenario	1
wise enough	1
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
most unpleasant things	0
believe it	1
enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
captivating coming-of-age story	1
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles	1
profoundly devastating events	0
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	0
soderbergh 's best films	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...	0
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,	1
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
intricately structured and well-realized drama	1
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
pathetic , starving and untalented	0
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,	0
got a place in your heart	1
ridiculous wig	0
the spirits of these young women	1
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
is a whole lot of fun	1
a provocateur	1
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
more interesting --	1
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
true for being so hot-blooded	1
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here	0
from the characters	1
add much-needed levity	1
susan sarandon	1
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	1
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	0
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
staggeringly compelling character	1
between the artificial structure	0
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
a really bad imitation	0
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
a deft	1
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	0
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
most importantly	1
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and	1
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .	1
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	0
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
engrossing	1
the pratfalls but little else	0
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .	1
sharp and	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	0
's no good answer to that one .	0
a children 's party clown	0
eye-popping	1
exceptionally good idea	1
no earthly reason	0
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
, the characters move with grace and panache	1
a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
humorously	1
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue	0
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	0
vanity project	0
the viewer wide-awake all the way through	1
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie	1
smoothly	1
some cute moments	1
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots	1
, confident	1
affirms	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	1
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
to shine	1
peevish	0
will enjoy .	1
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
it is effective	1
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
bittersweet drama	1
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film	1
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale	1
his best-known creation	1
, this is the one .	1
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	0
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
checkout	1
plays like a tired tyco ad	0
the most moronic screenplays of the year	0
an attention	1
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	1
a portrait of alienation so perfect ,	1
meandering , low on energy	0
most mornings	1
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy	1
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	1
, crowd-pleasing goals	1
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
inspires	1
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food	1
he has severe body odor	0
aspires	1
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
with table manners	1
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
openness , the little surprises	1
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,	1
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
hideous yellow	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions	1
like an extreme action-packed film	1
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
fearlessly	1
formulaic and stilted	0
attractive men	1
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
make a huge action sequence	1
profound ethical and philosophical questions	1
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	0
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
waste their time on it	0
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
it labors as storytelling .	0
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
as a well-made evocation	1
under your belt	1
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his	1
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
ridiculousness	0
inside righteousness	1
cobbled together out of older movies	0
the project should have been made for the tube .	0
a comic fan	1
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer	1
of dramatic enlightenment	1
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
as ' a perfect family film	1
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
a compelling story of musical passion	1
really good	1
the film never feels draggy	1
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
genuinely witty	1
laughably unconvincing	0
the shining , the thing ,	1
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	0
shapeless documentary	0
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
with his picture-perfect life	1
is his best film	1
the thrill of the chill	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	0
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys	1
the vital comic ingredient	1
close to losing my lunch	0
so uninspiring	0
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing	1
hilarious ode	1
pays off	1
it 's icky .	0
, but wanes in the middle	0
the franchise 's best years	1
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies	1
a middle-aged romance	1
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
chopsocky	0
, getting there is not even half the interest .	0
vulgar dialogue	0
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing	0
sappy	0
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
of a really solid woody allen film	1
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
limited but enthusiastic	1
most irresponsible	0
is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and	1
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images	1
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
dominant	1
the story is predictable	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but	1
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story	1
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters	1
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
memorable cinematic experience	1
the power of love	1
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise	1
the filmmaker 's characteristic style	1
plotting and mindless action	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one	1
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell	0
sadistic bike flick	0
a mournful undercurrent	0
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	0
amounts to surprisingly little	0
seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
longley 's film	1
is wonderful	1
dragon	1
dumb action movie	0
gives everyone something	1
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
nightmarish	0
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste	0
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit	1
witty , improbable romantic comedy	1
in its poetic symbolism	1
the perfect movie	1
intriguing and honorable ,	1
seems contrived and secondhand	0
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking	1
all your mateys ,	1
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
seem irritatingly transparent	0
a naturally funny film	1
makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	0
a friend	1
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
is more timely now than ever .	1
heart-pounding	1
is too long with too little going on	0
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
sharp	1
smart , nuanced look	1
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	1
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
a terrific screenplay	1
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
more strongly	1
veers into corny sentimentality , probably	0
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
served up with heart and humor	1
recommend secretary	1
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	0
best irish sense	1
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	1
the lady and the duke surprisingly	1
characterizations to be mildly amusing	1
grenade	0
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired	0
very real	1
authenticate	1
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
solemn pretension	0
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
... too sappy for its own good .	0
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness	1
sloppy plotting	0
eloquently	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	1
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty	0
's a heaven for bad movies	0
some success	1
is extremely thorough	1
wobbly	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and	1
limited	0
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
hastily written	0
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
heroic	1
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic ,	1
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .	1
insurance company office	1
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film	1
an intelligent flick	1
appealing blend	1
laugh therapy '	1
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in	0
big box office bucks	1
a noticeable lack of pace	0
excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
work and 2002 's first great film	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...	1
inconclusive ending	0
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	0
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	0
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
solid and refined piece	1
be dismissed as mindless	0
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera	0
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
has n't graduated from junior high school	0
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack	1
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
the superficial way	0
lawrence should stick to his day job .	0
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle	0
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	1
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction	0
the fierce grandeur	1
the intricate preciseness	1
effectively chilling	1
sentimentalizing	1
aimless	0
finds its moviegoing pleasures	1
one of the best films	1
shekhar kapur	1
sour , bloody and mean	0
uniformly superb	1
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
real raw emotion	1
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
adrift , bentley and hudson	0
an awkwardly contrived exercise	0
takes big bloody chomps out of it	0
i love the robust middle of this picture .	1
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness	1
bad romances	0
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	1
a thinking man 's monster movie	1
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
her confidence in her material is merited	1
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
an energizing ,	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend .	0
something of a public service --	1
of warmth	1
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle	1
the triumph	1
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
iconoclastic uses	1
a tarantino movie with heart	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...	0
sweet and romantic	1
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
unique directing style	1
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
conventional but heartwarming	1
the humans are acting like puppets	0
new , or inventive , journey	1
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
playful but highly studied and	1
a solid , unassuming drama .	1
as wonderful on the big screen	1
even more predictable	0
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
fails on its own , but	0
fairly impressive debut	1
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
of dramatic interest	1
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .	0
it may be a no-brainer	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
charge money for this ?	0
comical	1
real and	1
the fun of the movie	1
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	0
not a bad way to spend an hour or two	1
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories	1
well-contructed	1
fluffy neo-noir	0
a revealing look at the collaborative process	1
half the excitement of balto	0
exceptional lead performances	1
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
aggressively anti-erotic	0
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	1
rude and crude humor	0
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't	0
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	1
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto	1
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes	0
to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	1
an ambitious ` what if ? '	1
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
a bittersweet drama	1
lots of cute animals and clumsy people	1
right conditions	1
genuine	1
intermittently powerful study	1
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing	1
imaginatively	1
wild , endearing , masterful	1
incurably romantic	1
a first-rate cast	1
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
to be a new yorker	1
for no apparent reason except	0
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	1
all awkward ,	0
a crescendo	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film	0
something rare and riveting :	1
everyone 's to blame here .	0
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken	0
sandler is losing his touch	0
a ridiculous wig	0
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes	1
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,	0
an extraordinary film ,	1
the affable maid	1
... really horrible drek .	0
, it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
striking about jolie 's performance	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional	1
a good old-fashioned adventure	1
the increasingly diverse french director	1
sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
a funny no-brainer	1
it has its moments	1
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .	0
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	1
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,	1
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause	1
is icily brilliant	1
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	1
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression	0
grotesque and boring	0
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
with a fresh point of view	1
more enjoyable than its predecessor .	1
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
beguiling serenity and poise	1
some of the computer animation is handsome	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france :	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	1
through the gloomy film noir veil	0
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
a vanity project	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920	0
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?	0
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
not to be dismissed	1
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	1
ends with a whimper	0
the arguments	1
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity	1
will probably	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective	1
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
rare and riveting	1
endear itself to american art house audiences	1
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
timid and soggy	0
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	0
mind-numbing	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and	0
an encouraging effort	1
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
at leading lives of sexy intrigue	1
romance	1
a disaster	0
liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	1
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
the national lampoon film franchise	1
averting an american-russian armageddon	1
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	0
firing on all cylinders	1
stylized humor throughout	1
is so insanely dysfunctional	0
off too far	0
major problem	0
of purpose	1
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
works on no level whatsoever for me	0
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	0
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience	1
out of reach	0
, difficult and sad	0
she is merely a charmless witch .	0
giddy viewing	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest	1
personal	1
fun .	1
if you go , pack your knitting needles .	0
the stomach-knotting suspense	1
the grease	0
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort	1
rises above superficiality .	1
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
flinging their feces	0
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes	0
the actors are humanly engaged	1
truly	1
object to the idea of a vietnam picture	0
evolve	1
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
rated eee for excitement	1
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else	0
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
takes your breath away	1
multilayered	1
its dark , delicate treatment	1
is hardly journalism at all	0
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,	0
laughs --	1
caricature	0
fat	0
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out	1
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
home alabama	1
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
a nice little story	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,	1
enjoy the hot chick	1
bogs down in insignificance ,	0
detract from the affection of that moral favorite	0
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the	1
's all quite tasteful to look at	1
a part of its grand locations	1
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .	1
salton sea surprisingly engrossing	1
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...	0
hokey	0
a changing world	1
energy and geniality	1
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length	0
an enjoyable level	1
the by now intolerable morbidity	0
an intelligent and deeply	1
his boisterous energy	1
the actors ' perfect comic timing	1
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes	0
is greatness here .	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and	1
the greatest natural sportsmen	1
influence	1
stuffy and pretentious	0
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
virtually absent	0
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
compulsively watchable	1
the concert footage is stirring	1
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	1
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture	1
hard , endearing , caring	1
wanders	0
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
and immature provocations	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,	0
subtle ironies	1
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
does n't leave you with much .	0
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
lame romantic comedy	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source	0
especially charm	1
really is enormously good fun .	1
a great performance and	1
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and	1
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
a lifetime	1
rich , shadowy black-and-white	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ,	0
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
a fine , focused piece of work	1
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
listless , witless ,	0
there are some laughs in this movie	1
can practically hear george orwell turning over .	0
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
turn stupid	0
in the middle of hopeful	1
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin	0
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is	0
involving than this mess	0
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
are often engaging	1
is distressingly rote	0
verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches	1
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily	0
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
passionate heart	1
none of the happily-ever	0
fade from memory	0
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	1
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne )	1
every moment crackles with tension , and	1
surprisingly entertaining	1
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
is the stuff that disney movies are made of	1
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
the lack-of-attention span	0
of the worst possibilities of mankind	0
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,	0
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	0
it 's loud and boring ;	0
distracted	0
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
household name	1
rough-hewn vanity project	0
suck	0
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie	1
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set	0
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
albeit a visually compelling one ,	1
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
complete shambles	0
little visible talent and no energy	0
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
a moving and important film	1
the best war movies ever made	1
distinct and very welcome	1
are sexy	1
stylists	1
utterly misplaced earnestness	0
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
a real howler	1
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
do not automatically equal laughs	0
touching and funny	1
simple in form but rich with human events	1
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
sets this romantic comedy apart	1
totally disorientated	0
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
childlike dimness	0
disparate funny moments	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	1
you feel guilty about it	0
woefully dull	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	0
makes this movie worth seeing	1
have one saving grace	1
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters	0
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :	0
fine actors	1
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies	0
the film with their charisma	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...	1
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward	0
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy	1
cheesiest	0
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	0
is fully formed and remarkably assured	1
happiness	1
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
inept direction ,	0
is ingenious fun .	1
are worthwhile .	1
well-crafted	1
structured and well-realized	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,	0
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
food	1
also rocks .	1
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
you to give it a millisecond of thought	1
does n't bode well for the rest of it	0
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin	1
realistic portrayal	1
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	0
brutal and funny	1
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
life and small delights	1
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	0
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
defies classification	1
the magic that made it all work	1
her feature film	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy	1
such life-embracing spirit	1
hilariously , gloriously alive , and	1
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe	1
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
of hollywood fluff	0
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
most creative , energetic and original	1
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants	0
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
should stop trying to please his mom	0
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
solidly constructed	1
an easy film	1
good dialogue	1
the people laughing in the crowd	1
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back	0
surprising highs ,	1
he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
evocative	1
, it is clearly a good thing .	1
has its heart ( and its palate )	1
is an enjoyable big movie	1
's a pretty woman	1
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
most late-night bull sessions	0
from burkina faso	1
preferable	1
pulling on heartstrings	1
snoozer .	0
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
of a golden book sprung to life	1
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	0
cross-country road trip	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and	1
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
thematic resonance	1
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle	1
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events	1
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	1
each watered down the version of the one before	0
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
cheeky	1
deeply unsettling	0
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
ideal	1
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,	1
of an alternative lifestyle	1
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
until the final act	1
a-list director	1
seems like someone going through the motions .	0
feels contrived ,	0
my enjoyment	1
of the best and most exciting movies	1
creative instincts	1
dull exposition	0
overlong and	0
imaginative and	1
sympathetic without being gullible	1
here lacks considerable brio .	0
have to pay if you want to see it	1
'll like it	1
real laughs	1
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	1
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog	0
revenge , and romance	1
what annoyed me most about god is great	0
a film worth watching	1
really goes downhill .	0
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights	1
emotionally strong and politically potent	1
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
smeary and blurry ,	0
to the gifted korean american stand-up	1
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	1
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
well-executed	1
are faithful to melville 's plotline , they	1
unexpected flashes of dark comedy	1
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk	0
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
cult classic	1
the animation master	1
of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation	1
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped	1
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
romp from robert rodriguez .	1
's much to recommend the film	1
rotting underbelly	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	0
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	0
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
that both thrills the eye and	1
sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun	1
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
is horrible	0
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
disappointed by a movie in a long time	0
overly-familiar	0
oscar-nominated documentary	1
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
see this turd squashed	0
liked this film a lot	1
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
emotionally vapid	0
without sham the raw-nerved story	1
under-rehearsed and	0
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen	0
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching	1
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	1
duvall is strong as always .	1
, stupid	0
charming and funny	1
conjure proper respect	1
a timid , soggy near miss .	0
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	1
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
'll still have a good time . ''	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness	1
the chatter	1
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
susan	1
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
the perfect movie many have made it out to be	1
a more ambitious movie	1
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
inept filmmaking	0
her presence succeeds in making us believe	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and	0
the crassness	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	0
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose	1
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	1
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
part of being a good documentarian	1
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films	1
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
was n't all that great to begin with	0
exceedingly rare films	1
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and	0
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
pointless , stupid	0
emotionally and narratively complex	1
clever enough	1
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
are simply intoxicating	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek	0
the best actor	1
intrigue	1
emotionally strong and	1
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion	1
but because of the startling intimacy	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	0
awfulness	0
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
staged violence overshadows everything ,	0
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	0
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry	1
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie	1
's not a great monster movie	0
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart	0
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,	1
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
much colorful	1
sad but endearing characters	1
beats new life	1
grisly	0
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	1
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people	1
was a freshman fluke	0
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...	0
too clumsy	0
and dreary piece	0
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	1
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
, overlong , and bombastic	0
give credit to affleck	1
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
very compelling ,	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving	1
are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
tiresome as 9	0
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	0
a poignant comedy	1
more than it does cathartic truth telling	0
is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
extremely unpleasant film	0
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	1
hilarious place to visit	1
enthralling	1
a predictable , manipulative stinker .	0
gesturing	1
and that makes all the difference .	1
make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle	0
first-class , natural acting	1
very funny , heartwarming film	1
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché	0
hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
lovely and	1
a lame kiddie flick	0
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	0
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex	1
britney spears ' phoniness	0
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard	0
that have become a spielberg trademark	1
rich and sudden wisdom	1
nicely understated expression	1
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this	0
is not a bad film .	1
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
is always watchable	1
surprisingly decent flick	1
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
did i miss something ? ''	0
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
often exquisite	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	0
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
that 's right	1
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
ambition	1
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	0
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way	1
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	0
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
untalented	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	0
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius	1
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
becomes lifeless	0
of shape	1
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew	0
inexpressible and drab wannabe	0
to sell us on this twisted love story	1
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction	1
`` ambitious failure	0
some real vitality and	1
mysterious	1
cold , nervy and memorable .	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close	1
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
's also not very good	0
have to see it	1
thoroughly formulaic film	0
just another teen movie ,	0
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
making up for any flaws that come later	1
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written	1
work in concert	1
whimsicality , narrative discipline and	1
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	1
's best	1
we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	1
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	0
sustain laughs	1
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	0
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly	0
is painterly .	1
, and intermittently hilarious	1
boring man	0
more to think about after the final frame	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .	0
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
same old bad trip	0
is a lot more bluster than bite	0
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
useless movie	0
lurid and less than lucid work	0
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope	1
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives	0
are quite touching	1
vin diesel is the man .	1
annoyance	0
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	0
gloomy film noir veil	0
you 're willing to have fun with it	1
drug abuse	0
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks	1
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller	1
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	0
impersonal and abstract	0
ca n't stand	0
depict the french revolution	1
poetic force	1
to see how far herzog has fallen	0
too predictable and	0
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely	1
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
please history fans	1
the ensemble cast	1
a charming but slight comedy .	1
honest and loving one	1
are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
insomnia	0
like the best of godard 's movies	1
its provocative conclusion	1
just a bunch of good actors	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	1
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor	1
appealing leads	1
hate yourself for giving in	0
dearly	1
as beautifully shaped and	1
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
in the simple telling	1
perfectly creepy and believable	1
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
the muck	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but	0
tired , predictable	0
sports	1
are great rewards here	1
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	0
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon	1
a film with almost as many	1
succeeds in making neither	0
, madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
with a smile on your face	1
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
several cliched movie structures	0
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart	1
summer fluff	0
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
rather than real figures	0
overly familiar	0
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine	1
it all the more compelling	1
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort	1
made literature literal without killing its soul	1
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	0
the great minds	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	1
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson	1
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
to merit such superficial treatment	0
depressingly thin	0
loud , ugly , irritating	0
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory	1
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i	1
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle	0
frustrates	0
it 's just a kids ' flick	0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,	1
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans	0
is too much of a plunge	0
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
recognizable	1
he wants you to feel something	1
feels counterproductive	0
eat popcorn	1
black hawk down with more heart	1
uncinematic but	0
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy	1
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid	0
sense-of-humour	1
animation master	1
of more appealing holiday-season product	1
and wonderful creatures	1
you there is no sense	0
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
amusing ,	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie	1
what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
does n't give you enough to feel good about	0
will have a great time	1
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow	1
knows how to tell us about people	1
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces	1
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller	1
mixed up	0
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form	1
the folly of superficiality	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	0
appetizer that leaves you wanting more	1
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set	0
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk	1
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
sweet treasure and something	1
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
no affinity	0
that parker displays in freshening the play	1
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	0
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it	0
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips	1
misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	0
'' is entertaining .	1
plain dumb	0
described as sci-fi generic	0
powerful and universal	1
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
a tribute	1
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable	0
the best	1
makes oliver far more interesting	1
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor	1
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
a moving and stark reminder	1
the excruciating end	0
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard	0
pass this stinker off	0
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .	0
softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
much dramatic impact	1
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	0
you 'll like it .	1
piffle .	0
's still damn funny stuff	1
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 )	0
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and	0
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	1
constant smiles	1
forgets	0
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help	1
a walk to remember ''	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
succeeds primarily	1
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
marvelous film	1
inhabit that special annex of hell	0
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
insightful about kissinger 's background and history	1
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
magnificent directorial career	1
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
to get in the way	0
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's	1
something purer	1
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel	0
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,	1
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
just as rewarding	1
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
quite able	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	0
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor	1
for the ridicule factor	0
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts	0
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
intimidated by both her subject matter	0
is a goofy pleasure	1
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
can not overcome blah characters	0
about this love story	1
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	0
's so bad	0
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	1
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .	1
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
complex and quirky ,	1
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
one funny popcorn flick .	1
soap-opera quality twist	1
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
so poorly plotted and scripted .	0
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times	1
going at a rapid pace ,	1
a head-turner	1
the slapstick is labored	0
well-put-together	1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
grossly contradictory	0
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on	1
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection	1
belittle a cinema classic .	0
this too-long , spoofy update	0
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	1
insufferably	0
, unholy hokum .	0
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
flawed and brilliant	1
's tremendously moving	1
typical late-twenty-somethings natter	0
can certainly go the distance ,	1
you want the story to go on and on	1
ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
good measure	1
confessions may not be a straightforward bio	0
with an enormous amount of affection	1
is spooky and subtly	1
all movies	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance	1
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song	0
is clearly a good thing .	1
uncanny tale	1
so stilted and unconvincing	0
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received	1
peculiarly moral amorality	0
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	0
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies	1
that rare animal	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
makes a meal of it	1
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude	1
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
a slow death	0
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
are missing --	0
impressive job	1
negligible	0
sometimes dry	0
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time	0
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling	0
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment	0
jackson is always watchable .	1
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
just two of the elements that will grab you	1
distinguish one sci-fi work	1
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
his slop	0
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
still-inestimable contribution	1
his films so memorable	1
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	0
to our basest desires	1
is a must !	1
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer	0
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing	1
surprising romance	1
weird	0
is a hoot , and	1
stylish exercise	1
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	0
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
cheery and tranquil suburban life	1
is extraordinary	1
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,	1
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten	1
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
intelligent humor	1
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	0
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	0
make an excellent companion piece	1
sheer dynamism	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
such high-profile talent	1
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort	1
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
powerful documentary	1
fiercely intelligent and	1
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
see a romance this smart	1
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .	0
of mediocre acting	0
humanity 's greatest shame	0
fans	1
engaging as it is revealing	1
the most highly-praised disappointments i	0
the elements were all there	1
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
swallow its absurdities and crudities	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence	0
a doa dud from frame one .	0
captain	1
seem tiresomely simpleminded	0
of modern life	1
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
a heartening tale	1
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie	0
a small gem from belgium	1
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense	1
remarkable and	1
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing	1
warmth	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots	1
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .	0
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
of impact and moments	1
, lifeless	0
mean things	0
be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	1
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists	0
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
every moment crackles with tension	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
seeking christian-themed fun	1
you 're not merely watching history	1
, haphazard theatrical release	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions	1
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
'' and `` terrible	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	1
a mediocre movie	0
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ...	1
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,	1
have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
it made me feel unclean	0
authentically impulsive humor	1
tosca 's intoxicating ardor	1
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	0
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet	0
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor	0
the delicious pulpiness	1
very compelling , sensitive	1
of the most unpleasant things the studio	0
that loses sight of its own story	0
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	0
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
touching film	1
patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
how tedious	0
most wondrously	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
exhilarating documentary	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
innovative	1
a fascinating case study	1
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	0
unflappable	1
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster	1
particularly memorable effect	1
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , ''	0
seems a prostituted muse	0
mike shoots and scores	1
invigorating about	1
overlong soap	0
sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
uncluttered , resonant gem	1
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing	1
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
never lets you off the hook .	1
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned	0
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
impressive fake documentary	1
it 's in danger of going wrong	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives	0
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	0
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	1
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
his latest effort ,	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy	0
self-consciously poetic	1
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .	0
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
the film 's appeal	1
cutting hollywood satire	1
so different from the apple and so striking	1
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
, doing its namesake proud	1
, you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
ballot	1
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	0
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides	0
old enough to have developed some taste	1
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
admirable reconstruction	1
astonishing	1
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama	1
generational signpost	1
some fairly unsettling scenes	0
swings and jostles	1
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	1
acidic all-male	0
's an excellent 90-minute film here	1
a marginal thumbs	1
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short ,	0
too fluffy	0
're engulfed by it .	1
familiar and predictable , and	0
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful	1
the strain of its plot contrivances and	0
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama	1
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	1
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure	1
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision	0
trudge out of the theater feeling	0
just such a dungpile	0
insult	0
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	1
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features	0
forgettable effort	0
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves	0
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .	0
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice	1
a fragment of an underdone potato	0
to the enduring strengths of women	1
never springs to life	0
otherwise good	1
wholly unnecessary addition	0
beat-the-clock thriller	1
is reasonably entertaining ,	1
their children	1
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	0
the incomprehensible anne rice novel	0
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
like arnold schwarzenegger	1
world traveler gave me no reason to care	0
of a mishmash	0
that soars above the material realm	1
large-scale action and suspense	1
feel the beat down to your toes	1
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	1
mysterious , sensual ,	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil	0
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
great scares and	1
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
ca n't rescue this effort .	0
deep or substantial	1
an original bone	1
often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,	1
too grave for youngsters	0
get a kick out of goofy brits	1
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
not engaging	0
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment	1
the comic touch	1
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
an essentially awkward version	0
giving up	0
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot	1
with remarkable skill	1
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
a tremendous piece	1
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
the poor quality	0
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey	1
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort	0
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm	1
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
pushing the jokes at the expense of character	0
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
spontaneous	1
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
much worth	1
marvelous performance	1
it 's worth seeing	1
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown	1
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy	1
a disappointment	0
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue	0
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
his cinematic vision	1
genuine rather than pandering	1
some of the computer animation is handsome ,	1
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious	0
highly uneven and inconsistent	0
'll still have a good time	1
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
actually thrilled	1
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	1
sad to say	0
, reflective and beautifully	1
into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
the trap of the maudlin or tearful	0
enjoyable comedy	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
amateurishly	0
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
lost his touch ,	0
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .	1
as often imaginative	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain	0
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit	0
keep the story subtle and us in suspense	1
realistic '	1
pixar 's	1
is doomed by its smallness	0
the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	0
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life	1
trite and overused	0
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
is n't very bright	0
is so bad	0
a struggling nobody	0
rich and exciting	1
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
bright future	1
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny	1
be embraced	1
imagination	1
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
smug	0
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time	0
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
it all unfolds predictably	0
small , intelligent eyes	1
, unconvincing dramatics	0
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .	1
undeniably gorgeous , terminally	1
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
cliché-laden	0
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
a discreet moan	0
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
particularly amateurish	0
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
most disappointing	0
several plodding action sequences	0
know what it wants to be	1
the film can depress you about life itself .	0
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
vibrance	1
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
, irredeemably awful .	0
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
are a little too big for her mouth	0
to a superior crime movie	1
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	1
is a successful one	1
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,	1
love , longing , and	1
a paint-by-numbers picture	0
all this emotional misery	0
no solace here ,	0
right tone	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,	0
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
a group of dedicated artists	1
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string	1
he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
of sensitive observation	1
cross between highlander and lolita	1
intermittently wise	1
disturbing	0
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	1
its compassionate spirit	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	0
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
this supposedly funny movie	0
his several silly subplots	0
way too full	0
colorful bio-pic	1
are good	1
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil	1
, directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
homogenized and a bit contrived	0
a surprising , subtle turn	1
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers	0
insufferably naive .	0
original and insightful	1
enduring	1
's brilliant `	1
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king	1
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
sham actor workshops	0
is no foundation for it	0
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
of sleaziness	0
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	0
funny situations	1
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
a silly comedy	0
's too long and unfocused	0
surprisingly sweet and gentle	1
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
wildly fascinating	1
is just fine	1
saddled	0
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	1
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ...	1
getting the better of obnoxious adults	0
crafty and	1
perhaps the grossest movie	0
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	1
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50	0
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
a strong-minded viewpoint ,	1
love it ,	1
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	1
stirs us as well	1
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year	1
becomes simply a monster chase film	0
its premise is smart	1
wise	1
is good	1
somewhat cumbersome	0
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure	0
friday after next	1
had all its vital essence scooped out and	0
big fat pain .	0
head-turner	1
visually compelling one	1
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
cause massive cardiac arrest	0
drags the film	0
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie	0
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people	1
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve	1
cool .	1
a hip comedy	1
pleasant	1
vapid actor 's exercise	0
entirely stale	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting	0
, plodding picture	0
obstacles	0
is a mess .	0
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	0
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge	0
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better	0
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
dopey old	0
been bland	0
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
a good fight	1
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	1
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	0
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
this good	1
body humor and reinforcement	1
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
grievous but obscure	0
sketchiest	0
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay	0
priceless	1
made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
the tale with bogus profundities	0
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	0
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
its elegantly colorful look and	1
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
sad ending	0
aims to confuse	0
rooted in a sincere performance	1
just so the documentary will be over	0
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient	0
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior	1
disjointed mess	0
sound so dull	0
fashioned an absorbing look	1
's not very good either .	0
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
obscenity is at hand	0
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
off witty and sophisticated	1
is difficult to fathom	0
terminally brain dead production .	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty	1
its otherwise comic narrative	1
was at least funny	1
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking	0
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	1
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
striking character traits	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but	0
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	1
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
cinematic knack	1
a freshly painted rembrandt	1
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .	0
that it 's also one of the smartest	1
a trove	1
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces	0
with universal appeal	1
a delightful comedy centering on food	1
is polanski 's best film .	1
embraces its old-fashioned themes	1
there are entertaining and audacious moments	1
wonderful fencing scenes	1
weaving a theme	1
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived	0
is familiar but enjoyable .	1
what a thrill ride	1
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors	1
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
seen in years	1
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	0
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
irritatingly transparent	0
lacks in action	0
's a cool event for the whole family	1
hit that may strain adult credibility	0
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions	0
provocative film	1
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone	0
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	0
utterly forgettable	0
for every taste	1
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
offers a guilt-free trip	1
spent elsewhere	0
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems	0
a big heart	1
the power of the huston performance	1
a dirty old man	0
, it comes to life in the performances .	1
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .	0
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	1
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
go wrong	0
a timeless and unique perspective	1
moving , if uneven , success	1
lynch , jeunet , and von trier	1
in this flat effort	0
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly	1
does dickens as it should be done cinematically	1
zippy jazzy score	1
's most offensive	0
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos	1
thoroughly entertaining comedy that	1
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
performers who rarely work in movies now	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	0
a gorgeously strange movie	1
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed	0
fantastically vital	1
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge	0
amazing breakthrough	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
an intense experience	1
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,	0
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people	0
well-crafted family film	1
to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
large cast	1
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped	1
evokes	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events	1
this film should not be missed .	1
hideousness	0
played and smartly	1
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings	0
proud	1
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine	1
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
tiresome ugliness	0
brought something fresher to the proceedings	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
a comedic context	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,	1
manages to bring something new into the mix	1
takes great pleasure	1
fiascos	0
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
it borders on facile	0
quirky characters , odd situations , and	1
wisely	1
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
bold	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted	0
a well-put-together piece	1
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
real dawns , comic relief	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
a total lack	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations	0
fairly uneventful and	0
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	0
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net	1
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
the quirky drama	1
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	1
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact	0
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well	1
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama	1
fails as a dystopian movie ,	0
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising	1
extraordinary debut from josh koury	1
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,	1
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost	0
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
spousal abuse	0
sickening thud	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself	0
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles	1
that takes too long to shake	0
satisfyingly scarifying ,	1
vintage looney tunes	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once	1
beautiful scene	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies	1
played this story straight	1
dislikable study in sociopathy	0
a funny moment or	1
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...	1
that 's as crisp and to the point	1
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way	1
less compelling than the circumstances of its making	0
emphasis	1
the best korean film	1
leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
dumb story	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and	1
and interesting characters	1
supremely hopeful cautionary tale	1
anteing up some movie star charisma	1
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	1
beautifully crafted and	1
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	0
loses its fire	0
a disappointingly thin slice	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,	1
far too tragic	0
hollywood trap	0
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
welcome step	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world	1
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth	1
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series	1
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
enthusiastically	1
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive	0
charming and evoking little ditty	1
one of the rarest kinds of films :	1
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
transparent attempts	0
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
is brilliant ,	1
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty	1
a war tribute	1
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
's not funny	0
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .	0
lurches between not-very-funny comedy	0
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
a disaster of a story	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels	0
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm	0
boring , pretentious	0
is where ararat went astray .	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
this film special	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	0
the most genuinely sweet films	1
is a very funny , heartwarming film	1
crafted film	1
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
clueless	0
some special qualities	1
is a masterfully	1
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
bloody beauty	1
smart ,	1
thrill you	1
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers	1
like time fillers between surf shots	0
complete waste	0
it 's tremendously moving	1
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit	0
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	1
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	1
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
reveals itself	1
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
'll only put you to sleep	0
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
ugly ideas	0
holds up	1
the benjamins that 's hard to resist	1
palatable presentation	1
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived	1
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	1
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
keen eye , sweet spirit	1
the holes in this film remain agape --	0
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction	0
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,	0
druggy and self-indulgent ,	0
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words	1
see her esther blossom as an actress ,	1
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
opportunists	1
the best possible senses of both those words	1
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	1
its body humor and reinforcement	1
's something i would rather live in denial about	0
tortured and self-conscious material	0
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
well-paced and ultimately	1
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
most pitiful directing	0
delightful stimulus	1
magnificent jackie chan	1
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker	1
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
junk-calorie suspense tropes	0
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
an intoxicating	1
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
builds its multi-character story with a flourish	1
very compelling	1
, and fearlessness	1
inquisitive film	1
a chilling tale of one	1
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	1
brilliantly written and	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	0
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works	0
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	1
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance	1
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,	0
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
frustration from those	0
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
beautifully read and , finally ,	1
nice , harmless date film	1
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
exaggerated action	0
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .	1
more mature	1
loses all bite on the big screen .	0
sags in pace	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...	1
humbuggery	0
surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance	1
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
of direct-to-video nash	0
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic	0
a heaven	1
an ` action film '	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip --	0
swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,	1
a summer	1
midlife crisis	0
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past	1
too clichéd and too often strains credulity	0
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
may not	0
it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
self-destructiveness	0
entirely successful	1
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline	0
keeps you	1
unamusing	0
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ,	0
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .	0
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid	0
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and	1
accents so good	1
` top of the world '	1
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
raises some worthwhile themes	1
good guy	1
the slippery slope	0
is extremely funny ,	1
mean	0
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations	0
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	0
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot	0
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time	0
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché	1
of one man 's quest to be president	1
provocative and	1
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
and it is n't that funny	0
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,	1
repulsive	0
me feeling refreshed and hopeful	1
grand a failure	0
her tragedies	0
is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation	0
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
sweet and	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and	0
charming and evoking	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work	1
discomfort and embarrassment	0
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
pitifully	0
unfunny wannabe	0
us to forget most of the film 's problems	0
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
good fun	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	1
it begins to fade from memory	0
are based on stock clichés	0
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence	1
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain	1
she may not be real , but the laughs are	1
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
runs around and acts like a doofus	0
all manner of lame entertainment	0
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
exceptionally	1
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock	1
creeping into the second half	0
a riveting , brisk delight	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	1
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and	1
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design	1
sheer dumbness	0
, snide and prejudice .	0
of heart	1
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen	0
from films crammed with movie references	0
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine	0
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards	0
fat , dumb	0
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
that makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
an old-fashioned scary movie ,	1
so much passion	1
of her considerable talents	1
ambivalence	0
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
chaotic	0
the john wayne classics	1
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
decent	1
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt	1
of charm	1
can easily worm its way into your heart .	1
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
intelligent people	1
the greatest date movies in years	1
kwan 's unique directing style	1
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know	1
an intelligently made	1
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
incredibly dated and unfunny	0
a gracious , eloquent film	1
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and	1
exciting new filmmaker	1
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	0
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	1
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
of three	1
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds	1
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two	0
future years as an eloquent memorial	1
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart	1
sordid and disgusting	0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow	0
little action	0
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .	0
's the worst movie of 2002	0
most sincere	1
best sequel	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get	1
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances	1
children	1
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm	1
love sweetly	1
this year 's very best pictures	1
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so	0
to have the best of both worlds	1
like a prison stretch	0
worthy predecessors	1
a more credible script	1
star performance	1
efficiently minimalist style	1
a cinematic car wreck ,	0
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
gloriously goofy way	1
is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map	0
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better	1
stands out from the pack	1
never knew what the hell was coming next	0
been all but decommissioned	0
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism	0
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	1
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
a certain degree of wit and dignity	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,	1
compelling yarn	1
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two	0
generic villains	0
by turns very dark and very funny .	1
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	0
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
truly revelatory about his psyche	1
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	1
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	1
without any redeeming value whatsoever	0
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
turns very dark and very funny	1
relied too much on convention	0
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,	0
you will likely enjoy this monster	1
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide	1
one makes	1
surprisingly sensitive	1
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	0
well worth revisiting	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching	1
endearing and easy	1
short of both adventure and song	0
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
are sometimes bracing	1
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot	1
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
is far from disappointing ,	1
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	1
rare film	1
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
scenes all end in someone screaming	0
's well worth	1
and inventive moments	1
reel in the audience	1
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production	0
just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	0
as well as a masterfully made one	1
are totally estranged from reality	0
the most accomplished work	1
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
the q in quirky	1
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
a bad film	0
good enough	1
like its hero	1
is a little scattered -- ditsy ,	0
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
is such a mesmerizing one	1
such a talented director as chen kaige	1
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
humorless ,	0
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
weighted down	0
dishonest and	0
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie	0
does n't add up to a whole lot	0
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
decidedly unoriginal	0
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale	0
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
glorious	1
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	0
irredeemably awful .	0
it 's too long	0
comes along only occasionally	1
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today	1
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
of obnoxious	0
own most damning censure	0
the worst films of 2002	0
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp	0
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
puts history in perspective	1
potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
feels like a prison stretch .	0
princesses	1
20th anniversary edition	1
scenes brim	1
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	0
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in	0
shows moments of promise	1
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know	1
's so downbeat and nearly humorless	0
ruthlessly pained	0
be careful what you wish for	0
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself	1
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	0
wasting	0
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 ,	0
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
, almost generic	0
best thing	1
poorly executed comedy .	0
the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
most important and exhilarating	1
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale	0
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .	0
'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
addict	0
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,	1
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .	0
fall together without much surprise	0
overwhelming sadness	0
boffo last hour	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --	0
happens to be good	1
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
from each film	1
, is of overwhelming waste	0
anti-feminist	0
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
truly terrible	0
film that suffers because of its many excesses .	0
concentrates far too much	0
good cinematography	1
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story	1
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
my precious new star wars movie	1
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either	0
manages to incorporate both the horror	1
engaging	1
satisfyingly odd and intriguing	1
its star	1
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
pretends to be passionate and truthful but	0
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays	1
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
felt fantasy of a director 's travel	1
its love of life and beauty	1
easy , cynical potshots	0
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
small , personal film	1
to sustain a laugh	1
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away	1
dull ,	0
loud , low-budget and tired	0
the sad schlock merchant	0
terrifying angst	0
too bad .	0
shimmering cinematography	1
desiccated	0
its invitingly upbeat overture to	1
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio	1
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
, unnecessary	0
an autopilot hollywood concoction	0
miraculous as its dreamworks makers	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	1
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
's `	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short	0
which awards animals the respect they	1
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse	0
the comedy is nonexistent .	0
the similarly ill-timed antitrust	0
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	0
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
it takes you somewhere	1
comedy fare	1
its courage ,	1
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
such a companionable couple	1
, deeply felt	1
the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	0
engaging offbeat touches	1
wise , wizened	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder	1
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale	0
icily brilliant	1
colorful , vibrant introduction	1
for sick and demented humor	0
most aggressive and most sincere	1
it made me feel unclean , and	0
a powerful performance	1
inspires more than an interested detachment	1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care	1
enchanting ...	1
with the lovely hush	1
gets sillier , not scarier	0
itself is actually quite vapid .	0
made a movie that is n't just offensive	0
hence , storytelling is far more appealing	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization	1
bravo 's	1
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
witty ,	1
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
episode ii --	1
radiant	1
are a little peculiar	0
cinematic tone poem	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance	1
is cinema	1
was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill	1
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
, wonderful	1
is a brilliant movie .	1
trashy , kinky fun	1
comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
home	1
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
a bad taste in your mouth and questions	0
spellbinding	1
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama	0
unleashes his trademark misogyny	0
gives her best	1
slightly humorous and tender	1
crass and insulting	0
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
quiet , decisive moments	1
several scenes of this tacky nonsense	0
it is wise	1
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve	1
a passable date film	1
again dazzle and delight us	1
great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
truly egregious	0
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness	1
make a great team	1
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating	1
insightful and entertaining	1
repulsive and	0
plodding action sequences	0
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	0
compelling mix	1
an unexpectedly sweet story	1
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
go back and choose to skip it	0
place for a great film noir	1
poetic , heartbreaking .	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''	0
co-stars	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	0
at times uncommonly moving	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure	1
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
us share their enthusiasm	1
forget about it	0
find greatness	1
its accumulated enjoyment	1
fabulous	1
done his homework	1
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making	0
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	1
full-bodied	1
to enjoy its own transparency	1
gentle , lapping rhythms	1
would go back and choose to skip it .	0
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
a balanced film	1
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	1
so freely	1
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '	0
could use a little more humanity ,	0
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix	0
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés	0
her small , intelligent eyes	1
do bad things	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year	0
a wonderful subject for the camera	1
call this film a lump of coal	0
going nowhere fast	0
an original talent	1
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera	1
is , also , frequently hilarious	1
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
a skillful filmmaker	1
the original was n't a good movie but	0
the mysteries of human behavior	1
sometimes inexpressive	0
deadly dull	0
festival	1
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
watching it leaves you giddy	1
the guys still feels counterproductive	0
often surprising twists and	1
smartly written	1
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	1
stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	0
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste	1
to a spectacular completion one	1
a charm	1
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but	0
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
sucked up all	0
then again , i hate myself most mornings .	0
is definitely a cut above the rest	1
beautifully shaped	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
mind crappy movies as much as adults	0
racism and	0
unclean	0
caring for animals and	1
the integrity	1
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	1
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
's something vital about the movie	1
one terrific score and	1
a sweet and sexy film	1
at its worst	0
a gift	1
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
moments of hilarity to be had	1
endless trailer	0
frailty fascinates	1
give the transcendent performance	1
beautiful than either of those films	1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	1
while the story goes nowhere	0
torn away	0
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors	1
provide much more insight	1
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
life-changing	1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	0
somewhat tired	0
of the austin powers films	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and	1
the edge of their seats	1
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage	0
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	1
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo	0
oh , and more entertaining , too .	1
shockingly bad and	0
gripping and compelling	1
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
pompous and	0
an intimate feeling	1
seems hopelessly juvenile .	0
inventive cinematic tricks and	1
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
absolutely and completely ridiculous and	0
understands the grandness of romance	1
scam	0
both damning and damned compelling .	1
one of the finest	1
crematorium	0
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	1
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
brilliant motion picture	1
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
almost as offensive	0
sensual delights and simmering violence	1
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
worst -- and only -- killer website movie	0
hostile	0
natured	1
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
dull and ankle-deep	0
on all cylinders	1
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them	0
traditional	1
trapped	0
rock solid family fun out	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	1
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	1
all the more remarkable because it	1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	1
it ca n't help but engage an audience	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and	0
loss	0
quite touching	1
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick	1
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
with big heart	1
slightly less successful	0
drags , underscoring the obvious	0
is even lazier and far less enjoyable	0
the thrown-together feel	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and	1
inner-city streets	1
inadequate	0
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
though the film is well-intentioned	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	1
a reasonable degree of suspense	1
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
humanize	1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	0
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	0
impressively discreet filmmakers	1
vibrant charm	1
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
lose their luster	0
is an enjoyable big movie primarily	1
seems twice as long	0
rare sequel	1
a fine-looking film	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
wilco fans will have a great time ,	1
are canny and spiced with irony .	1
nothing wrong with performances here ,	1
rambling and incoherent manifesto	0
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
have a sense of humor	1
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
to intolerable levels	0
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line	0
bit of piffle .	0
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose	0
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that	1
pointless , meandering	0
marvelously entertaining	1
teddy bears '	1
his surprising discovery	1
every indulgent , indie trick in the book	0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ,	1
such a gloriously goofy way	1
a pleasant distraction	1
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
heartbreak	0
the same easy targets	0
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
fairly solid	1
enjoyed	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film	1
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in	1
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
formidable	1
most intriguing movie experiences	1
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
has all the outward elements of the original	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays	1
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment	0
lively intelligence	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,	1
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
it works	1
wastes	0
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
recommend secretary ,	1
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest	1
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
succeed at cheapening it	0
a strong first act	1
pop up in nearly every corner of the country	1
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur	1
drag an audience	0
this insufferable movie	0
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp	0
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better	1
universal appeal	1
gaining most of its unsettling force	1
spicy footnote	1
becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary	0
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	0
that it goes nowhere	0
some futile concoction	0
a compelling story	1
writer-director david jacobson	1
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense	1
is a hilarious adventure	1
lackluster script	0
of its oscar nomination	1
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager	0
the genius	1
to his people	1
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in	1
is entirely too straight-faced	0
you care about the characters	1
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped	0
save everyone the misery	0
low-budget and	0
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	1
tell the best story	1
how clever	1
long , slow and dreary	0
the working class to life	1
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie	1
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
very well-meaning	1
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
sweeping battle scenes	1
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis	1
bring	1
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
pack a powerful emotional wallop	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
is gratefully received	1
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	0
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
annoyed me most about god is great	0
an emotional edge	1
girls , right down the reality drain	0
strange it is , but delightfully so .	1
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and	1
the long-faced sad sack	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	1
characteristically engorged and	0
almost impossible	0
an accuracy	1
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	0
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up	0
is dazzling	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear	1
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown	1
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
of the other foul substances	0
, even delectable	1
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
schütte 's dramatic snapshot	1
regret	0
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
with miscalculations	0
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
excruciating film	0
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	1
represents an engaging and intimate first feature	1
it seem fresh again	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	1
ocean visuals	1
like it	1
unrelentingly grim	0
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	1
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
the best in recent memory	1
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back .	1
seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
the script 's refusal	0
hopelessly out	0
something to be taken seriously	1
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor	0
thriller remarkable	1
what 's best about drumline is its energy	1
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works	1
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	1
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
an awful movie	0
a downer and	0
several cliched movie structures :	0
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	0
sloppiness	0
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
is a masterfully conducted work .	1
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
shameless	0
borderline insulting	0
... continue to impress	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating	0
more than a	1
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland	0
cute animals and	1
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !	0
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
dedication	1
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde	0
moving	1
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel	0
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
sweet , melancholy spell	1
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker	1
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
art film	1
mixed results	0
stupid and annoying	0
reward	1
still works .	1
propulsive	1
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs	1
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature	1
pretentious endeavor	0
genuinely funny	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...	1
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run	1
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	0
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	0
you could hate it for the same reason .	0
burnt-out	0
something as splendid-looking as this particular film	1
artsy	1
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser	0
with a game supporting cast	1
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
is repulsive and depressing	0
because there is no foundation for it	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three	1
bluster and cliché	0
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls	1
to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
has its redundancies	0
a great film	1
amiable picture	1
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
you feel genuinely good	1
maximum comfort and familiarity	1
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	0
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling	1
an enjoyable above average summer diversion	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	1
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic	0
high-wattage	1
a lot of problems	0
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
their outrageousness	1
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love	1
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
is its personable , amusing cast .	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,	1
beauty to behold	1
best and most exciting	1
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
reach for a barf bag	0
rampant adultery	0
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout	1
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	0
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	0
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack	0
redundant	0
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
bitter and less mature	0
crippled	0
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	0
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money	0
impossible to care about	0
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director	0
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	0
more bizarre than actually amusing	0
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	1
the man and	1
holds the film	1
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
's brilliant ` videodrome	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though	1
great performances	1
much more successful	1
gets the job done	1
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .	1
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick	0
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning	1
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	1
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	0
bogs down in a surfeit of characters	0
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
elaborate continuation	1
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way	0
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids	1
with a life-affirming message	1
'd bother watching past the second commercial break	0
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes	0
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
celebratory	1
lead performances	1
real star	1
complex , politically charged tapestry	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,	1
your face for two hours	0
one of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
backwater	1
definitive account	1
brainless , but	0
clever and	1
the movie is without intent .	0
gives the film its lingering tug	1
a talking head documentary , but a great one	1
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell	0
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
should be as entertaining as it is	1
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family	1
under his control	1
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
self-important summer fluff	0
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	0
trite , predictable rehash	0
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
truly distinctive and	1
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
enough cool fun here	1
so vividly	1
earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
gentle and	1
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
is way , way off	0
fan	1
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange	0
the fun	1
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it	1
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about	0
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ,	0
it should be interesting	1
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	0
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	1
truly funny	1
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting	0
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed	1
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
lingering creepiness one	0
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	0
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular	1
can act	1
the most ravaging ,	1
breezy movie	1
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	0
is cruel	0
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes	1
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
some worthwhile themes	1
gorgeousness .	1
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
a distinct rarity	1
all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
equals the sum of its pretensions	0
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen ,	0
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and	1
hilarious dialogue	1
shining with all the usual spielberg flair ,	1
makes this a high water mark for this genre	1
aimless , arduous ,	0
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
amusing juxtapositions	1
bilingual charmer	1
idealism american	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and	1
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires ,	0
new friends	1
scrutiny	0
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
great missed opportunity	0
lackluster	0
full	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	1
badly cobbled	0
by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror	0
elevate	1
, repetitive and ragged	0
lead actress andie macdowell	1
vivid , convincing performances	1
the parents	1
uselessly	0
sluggish	0
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
imagination and authentic christmas spirit	1
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way	0
any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire	1
that deals with first love sweetly	1
a light , fun cheese puff	1
a new treasure of the hermitage	1
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	0
great monster/science fiction flicks	1
an adorably whimsical comedy	1
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
's always enthralling	1
is deadly dull	0
sexy	1
gives the lie to many clichés	0
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
a better script	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but	1
impressive and highly entertaining	1
a zippy jazzy score	1
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse	0
reign	1
delivers	1
i liked the movie	1
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	0
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and	1
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
give you	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	1
be particularly innovative	1
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
the basic flaws in his vision	0
b-movie category	0
does n't match his ambition	0
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves .	0
cold , sterile and lacking	0
half-hearted	0
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
listless and desultory affair	0
stale and uninspired .	0
a knowing sense of humor	1
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	0
the point of ridiculousness	0
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
probably want to see it twice	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but	1
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
tonally uneven	0
iconic	1
live happily ever	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching	1
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
take on the upscale lifestyle	1
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
the beat he hears in his soul	1
busts out of its comfy little cell	1
he 's afraid of his best-known creation	0
then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
derived from a lobotomy ,	0
there is no sense	0
a sweet , tender sermon	1
insistent and repetitive	0
mildly interesting	1
emphasising her plight and isolation	1
much funnier than anything	1
suitably anonymous chiller	1
little $ 1.8 million charmer	1
is sincere	1
invaluable historical document thanks	1
win you over , in a big way	1
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years	1
genuinely satisfying	1
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	1
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining	1
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
creeps into your heart	1
above superficiality	1
take you to outer space	1
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth	1
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
just do n't work in concert .	0
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	1
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
intelligently	1
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies	0
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
inept , tedious	0
sucks you in and	1
a strong thumbs up	1
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	0
davis	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female	1
does n't really know or care about the characters ,	0
like a cheap lawn chair	0
that fails to make adequate	0
canny , meditative	1
you feel like a sucker	0
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns	0
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
truly , truly bad movie	0
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today	1
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies	1
an awful movie that	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
brilliant surfing photography	1
to do with 94 minutes	1
a larger-than-life figure	1
for violence	0
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
smart and fun , but far more witty	1
deepest tragedies	0
interesting story	1
witless and utterly pointless	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,	0
better than the phantom menace	1
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
into some univac-like script machine	0
they succeed	1
give exposure to some talented performers	1
be viewed as pure composition and form --	1
more tiring than anything .	0
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	1
tear your eyes away from the images	1
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	0
all the interesting developments	1
performances	1
the highest and the performances	1
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	0
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should	1
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	0
good and different	1
, deeply unsettling experience	0
strikes a potent chemistry	1
perfectly serviceable	1
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .	0
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
that rare creature --	1
here are unintentional .	0
cascade over the screen effortlessly	1
mean-spirited film	0
as darkly funny , energetic ,	1
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel	0
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion	1
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
ai n't art	0
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit	1
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	1
ignore	0
hard-driving narcissism is a given	0
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	1
who re-invents himself	1
it 's impossible to care who wins	0
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
a refreshing and comical spin	1
totally lacking	0
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
a thought-provoking picture .	1
the characters are intriguing and realistic	1
'll find in this dreary mess	0
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	0
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
the biggest names in japanese anime ,	1
unoriginal terms	0
the ridiculous bolero	0
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
nothing about them is attractive .	0
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope	1
a great piece	1
a consummate actor	1
sincere and artful	1
should strike a nerve in many .	1
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series	0
genre a bad name	0
we all ca n't stand	0
captures a life interestingly lived	1
the self-image of drooling idiots	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,	1
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	1
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
things to like	1
create	1
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
an encouraging new direction	1
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	1
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	1
a cohesive story	1
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
terminally bland , painfully slow	0
surprisingly juvenile	0
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .	1
too full	0
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section	0
treats us	1
surefire , beloved genres	1
is the most visually unappealing .	0
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
a brilliant motion picture	1
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull	0
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
philosophical	1
as bad as you think , and	0
a compelling investigation	1
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
a weary journalist	0
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family	1
of both thematic content and narrative strength	1
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,	0
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking	0
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking	1
same easy targets	0
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	1
the ridiculousness of its premise	0
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	0
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
the importance of being earnest	1
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
few nonbelievers	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment	0
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
yes , soar .	1
narrative grace	1
fudged opportunity	0
the sensational true-crime	1
humane	1
, the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism	0
thought-provoking and	1
play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
of discovery	1
should never forget	1
the right direction	1
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film	1
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
one fantastic ( and educational )	1
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel	1
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
his rental car	1
capture these musicians in full regalia	1
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
every bad action-movie line in history	0
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless	0
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment	1
big summer movies	1
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
this bad on purpose	0
perfect for a ballplayer	1
total misfire	0
low-budget constraints	0
something wholly original	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and	1
propaganda	0
the characters are so generic	0
a porno flick	0
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie	1
satisfy the boom-bam crowd	1
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .	0
would do better elsewhere	0
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
meal	1
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and	1
theological	1
have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown ,	0
ki-deok	1
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .	1
touches the heart	1
's just not very smart .	0
mesmerize	1
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them	0
a powerful young actor	1
well-intentioned effort	1
's a fun one .	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie	0
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
its crapulence	0
has fallen	0
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	1
quiet , confident	1
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
-- in the title role --	1
agile	1
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics	1
a small movie with a big heart	1
with the same number of continuity errors	0
crummy-looking videotape	0
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
's what makes it worth a recommendation	1
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking	1
cute alien	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and	0
too bad	0
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and	0
of technical skill and rare depth	1
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
it an exhilarating	1
that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too	1
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it	1
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
keep it entertaining	1
that few movies have ever approached	1
the worst excesses of nouvelle	0
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
amusing for a good while	1
some fine acting	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow	1
done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen	1
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
competence	1
confection that 's pure entertainment	1
sucks . '	0
is always watchable .	1
has severe body odor	0
viva le resistance !	1
sweet cinderella story	1
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	0
an engaging , wide-eyed actress	1
get on a board and , uh , shred ,	0
$ 1.8 million charmer	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	1
an invaluable service	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful	1
should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
the problem	0
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	1
bad luck and	0
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
a solid movie	1
recommend read my lips	1
humble , teach and ultimately	1
screen with considerable appeal	1
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who	0
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
're gon na like this movie	1
cuts corners	0
surprising flair	1
go hand in hand with talent	1
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
unfunny phonce	0
is worth the price of admission .	1
seems more tacky and reprehensible ,	0
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies	1
overused	0
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
this is even better than the fellowship .	1
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance	1
skip this turd and	0
imagination and insight	1
comic voice	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	1
the picture in some evocative shades	1
too much resonance	0
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode	1
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,	1
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film	1
insightful discourse	1
zero .	0
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
no amount of imagination ,	0
too many wrong turns	0
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough	1
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
long gone	0
the needlessly poor quality	0
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
no foundation	0
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania	0
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball	1
, spicy footnote	1
ludicrous	0
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is	0
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by )	0
this is n't worth sitting through	0
most practiced	1
all works out	1
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	0
a negligible work	0
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family	1
forced to follow	0
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary ,	1
an engaging storyline	1
deft and subtle	1
fascinating , dark thriller	1
wish had been developed with more care	0
a florid turn	0
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
you 'll have a good time with this one too	1
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	1
no new plot conceptions	0
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera	1
the enterprise	1
screwed-up characters	0
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
spectacular completion one	1
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	0
pokey	0
solid acting and a neat premise	1
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	1
the nation	1
a complex psychological drama	1
how low brow it is	0
of almost perpetually wasted characters	0
delivers on the promise of excitement	1
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances	1
most remarkable	1
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film	0
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
very complex	1
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	0
a more colorful , more playful tone	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
a smear	0
, brilliant and macabre	1
of the great minds of our times	1
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
builds its multi-character story	1
senseless	0
good movie	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment	0
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time .	1
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they	1
deflated as he does	0
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
are an immensely appealing couple	1
than losers	0
good , achingly human	1
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film	0
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
a clever	1
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater	1
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes	0
watching a walk to remember	1
can depress you about life itself .	0
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and	1
intelligent observations	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one	0
` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set	0
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty	1
suspense , intriguing characters and	1
frothing	0
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
anguish	0
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	1
suited neither	0
of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
the filling	1
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys	1
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
without context -- journalistic or historical	0
the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile	1
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films	1
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it	0
we do n't even like their characters .	0
is ultimately quite unengaging	0
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller	0
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate	0
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
done-to-death material	0
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .	0
playful but highly studied	1
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year	1
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	0
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell	1
fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
long for the end credits	0
a sloppy slapstick	0
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	1
the gratuitous cinematic distractions	0
'll enjoy this movie	1
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
a compelling yarn , but not quite a	1
is a film for the under-7 crowd	0
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema	1
perfectly pitched web	1
banter-filled comedy	1
why it works as well as it does	1
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
a legal thriller	1
is virtually absent	0
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
be so stupid	0
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
it a comic book with soul	1
wish you had n't seen	0
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .	0
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	1
snide and	0
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	0
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	1
a wonderful , imaginative script	1
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just	1
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence	1
a much larger historical context	1
resonant film since the killer	1
, flawed humanity	0
is , more often then	1
of virtuosic set pieces	1
a certain ambition	1
its recycled aspects	0
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things	0
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and	0
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
but dull and ankle-deep	0
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people	1
stylish thriller .	1
vulgarities	0
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
staring at a blank screen	0
wo n't like looking at it	0
black indomitability	0
, the movie is rather choppy .	0
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket	1
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
place and personal identity	1
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and	0
he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
fails on its own	0
neo-fascism	0
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is	1
some real vitality and even	1
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	0
in freshening the play	1
most deceptively amusing	1
on character	1
mental illness	0
very smart	1
bad animation	0
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite	0
are uniformly good .	1
poorly-constructed comedy	0
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	1
no apparent reason except	0
superb performances	1
's already a joke in the united states .	0
rambles aimlessly	0
graham greene 's novel	1
is a success .	1
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
disney 's great past	1
journalistically dubious ,	0
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away	1
shameful	0
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble	1
boring and	0
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg	0
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free	1
did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
tiresome cliché	0
action hero performances	1
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
nothing funny	0
the visual flourishes	1
futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	0
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's	1
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
huston 's revelatory performance	1
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
, purposeless	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	0
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical	0
the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
's often overwritten ,	0
action scenes	1
the movie 's captivating details	1
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
elegant	1
puzzling	0
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat	1
sad to say --	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché	0
authentic christmas spirit	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor	0
's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
deep , uncompromising	1
they fall to pieces	0
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
the film is not only a love song to the movies but	1
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,	1
a spark of its own	1
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
to see three splendid actors	1
of you-are-there immediacy	1
enjoyed it	1
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers	1
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama	0
you 're a jet all the way	1
thousand cliches	0
that 's good	1
of the rarest kinds of films	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;	0
seem to get a coherent rhythm going	1
simple message	1
for a bad film	0
heartwarming film	1
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss	1
layered	1
most purely enjoyable and	1
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
a guilty pleasure	1
adaptation is simply brilliant .	1
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative	0
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ?	0
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	0
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
a smart comedy	1
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
drags it back	0
in the sun	1
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
like a well-made pb & j sandwich	1
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	0
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
their lack	0
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	1
far less	0
a give-me-an-oscar kind	1
was n't one of the film 's virtues .	0
absurd plot twists	0
intriguing and stylish	1
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	1
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
be growing	1
lulled into a coma	0
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	1
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	0
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and	0
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly	0
interested in the sights and sounds of battle	1
a powerful look	1
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
highly-praised disappointments i	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
she 's a pretty woman	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
lacks in substance	0
sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg	0
fairly parochial melodrama	0
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
spirited away is a triumph of imagination	1
more colorful	1
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy	0
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and	0
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
many definitions of ` time waster '	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process	1
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
very much like life	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life ,	1
of the best movies of the year	1
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage	1
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake	0
and thought-provoking film	1
college	1
some special qualities and	1
otherwise excellent film	1
his ` angels of light	1
capable cast	1
the demented mind	0
entirely humorless	0
be wholesome and subversive at the same time	1
the metaphors are provocative ,	1
enjoy the film	1
made no such thing	0
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
even better	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids	0
loopy and	0
shameless self-caricature	0
terrific	1
carrying	1
instantly forgettable	0
deeply humanistic	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes	0
grew hideously twisted	0
immature and unappealing to care about	0
becomes compulsively watchable	1
manage to keep things interesting	1
ruined his career	0
the impressively discreet filmmakers	1
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
is too blatant	0
can comfortably hold	1
feels universal	1
enjoyed the love story	1
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel	1
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	0
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
very minds	1
whose charms are immediately apparent	1
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington	1
a buoyant romantic comedy	1
indie of the year	1
the opposite of a truly magical movie	0
a clever exercise	1
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	0
pile too many `` serious issues ''	0
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
much of jonah simply , and gratefully ,	1
by its awkward structure and a final veering	0
the working	1
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
ultra-cheesy	0
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	0
it 's potentially just as rewarding	1
touching , small-scale story	1
's just tediously bad ,	0
stay afloat	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled	0
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
is a horrible movie --	0
please the eye	1
... an interesting slice of history .	1
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
submerged here ,	1
descends into such message-mongering moralism	0
his intellectual rigor	1
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
a movie full of grace	1
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
comfort and familiarity	1
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
daring	1
engaging diatribes	1
most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
the sword fighting is well done	1
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
soggy potboiler	0
an unsettling picture	0
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers	0
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	1
offensive	0
inventive , consistently intelligent	1
this nonsensical story	0
no solace here	0
old garbage	0
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur	1
ingenious and	1
a taut , sobering film .	1
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
from any movie with a `` 2 ''	0
so distasteful	0
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
lacks the skill or presence	0
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in	0
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
flaws ,	0
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
dull-witted	0
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
harris is affecting at times	1
fun-seeking	1
abysmally pathetic	0
warm your heart	1
that 's its first sign of trouble .	0
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating	0
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances	0
closer than many movies	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey	0
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
predictable storyline	0
refreshingly clear	1
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one	1
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
septic tank	0
, it offers hope	1
franchise possibilities	1
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption	1
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
move over bond ;	1
lazy , miserable and smug	0
, the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
every sequel you skip	0
steal your heart away	1
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
the most depressing movie-going experiences	0
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor	1
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation	0
nearly as dreadful	0
really solid	1
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	1
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and	0
overladen with plot conceits	0
that plays things so nice	1
the film would be a total washout .	0
a few nice twists in a standard plot	1
's as good	1
the park	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding	1
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
stands a good chance of being the big	1
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
compassionately portrayed	1
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	0
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
employs to authenticate her british persona	1
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season	1
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something	0
is still good fun .	1
nothing to gain from watching they	0
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
actors in bad bear suits	0
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
a clever script and skilled actors	1
nothing really happens	0
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
, splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	0
thanks to a small star with big heart	1
's best served cold	1
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,	0
to losing my lunch	0
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''	0
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again	0
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation	0
does n't figure in the present hollywood program	0
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
plight and isolation	0
a bad premise	0
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
with most intelligent viewers	1
if considerably less ambitious	0
stabs	0
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
, offering fine acting moments and pungent	1
a mindless action movie	0
drown out	0
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and	1
no real sense	0
comic gem	1
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all	0
endure instead of enjoy	0
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
often inspiring	1
's been done before	0
is a tribute	1
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	0
a freedom	1
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	1
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
really quite funny	1
is credible and remarkably mature	1
such sensitivity	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but	0
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
straightforward	1
'll probably love it .	1
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
ensemble cast	1
recommend it enough	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	0
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
mildly amusing	1
that george lucas can only dream of	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
the most watchable film of the year	1
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
most humane and important	1
clichés and borrowed images	0
animation and game phenomenon	1
admirable energy	1
in all its director 's cut glory	1
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional	1
the marvelous verdu	1
great one	1
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	1
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context	0
amusing personalities	1
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
color and depth , and	1
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ,	1
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs '	1
usual fluttering and stammering	0
how horrible	0
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right	1
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem	0
smart new comedy	1
film ' in the worst sense of the expression	0
ca n't go wrong .	1
somehow makes it all the more compelling .	1
with lots of sloppiness	0
of emotional blandness	0
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
genuinely sweet	1
ill-conceived and expensive	0
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
number 1	1
a cut-and-paste	0
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
delight your senses and crash this wedding	1
, it is a great film .	1
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	0
intriguing species	1
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
oftentimes funny , yet	1
is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	0
happened to good actors	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,	0
a light ,	1
a fall	0
, generous and subversive artworks	1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock	1
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
the part where nothing 's happening ,	0
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ?	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders	1
creep	0
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history	1
gentle , touching	1
jagged camera moves	0
powerful and telling story	1
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
be entertained by	1
zany mix	1
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	1
seeing himself in the other ,	1
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs	0
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
as the treat of the title	1
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and	1
achingly honest and	1
this movie sucks . '	0
have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
overwritten	0
she 's not funny	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
requisite faux-urban vibe	0
a kind of ghandi gone bad	0
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
thrown-together	0
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking	1
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;	1
disposible	0
a finely written	1
and crude humor	0
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	0
what a film can be	1
deliberate laughs	1
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
most enchanting	1
surprisingly powerful and universal	1
not so much farcical as sour .	0
as refreshing	1
most slyly exquisite	1
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	0
with morality	1
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	1
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned .	0
extravagant	1
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency	1
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago	1
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and	1
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	0
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
otherwise bleak tale	0
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
pretty listless collection	0
humorous and heartfelt	1
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective	0
good-looking but	1
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
some glimpses of nature and family warmth	1
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating	1
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then	1
trash	0
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable	1
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters	0
a happy , heady jumble	1
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
so impersonal or	0
a real story	1
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
a witty expose	1
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
wo n't be an )	0
leave the theater	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	0
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	1
a decent tv outing	1
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	0
, energetic and smart	1
sometimes hilarious )	1
came up with a treasure chest of material	1
as a mechanical apparatus	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
the gifted pearce on hand	1
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
watch , giggle and get	1
understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
rediscovers his passion in life	1
look at that clever angle !	1
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
deliver again and again	1
sitcom material	0
seems to want to be a character study ,	0
villains	0
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	0
smugly	0
to drag on for nearly three hours	0
wickedly funny , visually engrossing	1
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
is a failure .	0
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	0
worth a look as a curiosity	1
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police	0
tacky and reprehensible	0
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
my mind	1
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
get into heaven	1
minutely detailed wonders	1
scare any sane person away	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart	0
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
delightful , if minor , pastry	1
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype	0
to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny	0
overcome bad hair design	0
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots	0
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	1
ring hollow	0
its compelling mix	1
extremely bad	0
the forest	1
a respectable new one	1
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
deeply authentic	1
a vivid	1
sweet-tempered	1
loses all bite on the big screen	0
's undeniably hard to follow	0
of our respect	1
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience	1
frightful vanity film	0
low , smoky and inviting	1
invented	1
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
measured or polished	1
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	0
another best of the year selection .	1
mordantly funny and	1
is a gory slash-fest	0
a full-length classic	1
, the stories are quietly moving .	1
is long on narrative and ( too ) short	0
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	0
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
wanted to leave	0
all the bad things	0
lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
slickest	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience	1
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann ,	1
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
out-of-kilter character	0
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	0
has several strong performances	1
this is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899	1
run-of-the-mill singles blender	0
a mindless action flick	0
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up	1
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination	0
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk	0
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	0
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	1
is surprisingly refreshing .	1
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
the qualities	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture	1
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of	0
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else	0
unreligious	0
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	1
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
satisfying evening	1
lacks dramatic punch and depth	0
aan opportunity wasted .	0
for us	1
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations	1
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
failings	0
lazy , miserable and smug .	0
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama	1
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
splendid production design	1
secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
exactly what it wants to be	1
but it was n't .	0
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty	0
too crude to serve the work especially well	0
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	1
is , in fact , so interesting	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
an entertainment destination for the general public	1
grievous but	0
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system	1
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
from its cheesy screenplay	0
love in the time of money	1
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
fabulously funny and	1
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,	0
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard	1
strong performances	1
are nearly impossible to care about	0
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
uses its pulpy core conceit	0
i liked about schmidt a lot	1
meets his future wife	1
thoughtfulness	1
-- and timely --	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots	0
by bad writing	0
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture ,	0
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies	1
passion and pretence	1
than special effects	1
embarrassment and others	0
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
paul bettany is cool .	1
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
very interesting	1
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse	0
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material	0
like a non-stop cry for attention	0
used soap	0
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
as he was about inner consciousness	1
masterpiece ' and ` triumph '	1
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
bad to be good	0
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
an objective documentary	1
a poignant and wryly amusing film	1
the power of their surroundings	1
enjoy this	1
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
entertain all ages	1
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''	1
hip	1
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
wewannour money back ,	0
, i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
a sleek advert	1
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base	0
a rounded and revealing overview	1
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations	0
a few laughs but nothing else	0
incessant	0
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film	1
retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
entertaining ride	1
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	0
trapped at a bad rock concert	0
adorably whimsical comedy	1
attentive	1
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat	0
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
ugliness	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
forget its absurdity	0
these guys ' superhuman capacity	1
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
of ghandi gone bad	0
is its personable , amusing cast	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
best and most unpredictable comedy	1
the ordeal of sitting through it	0
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap	0
the best story	1
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ...	1
the incredible imax sound system	1
the preachy	0
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and	0
a nice little story in the process	1
been there , done that ,	0
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
mourns	0
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie	1
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
nicest	1
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story	1
on crummy-looking videotape	0
can easily be considered career-best performances	1
pitifully few real laughs	0
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ...	1
phenomenal	1
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides	0
funny and	1
teen-sleaze equivalent	0
in her most charmless	0
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	0
a choke leash	0
plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	0
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor	1
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera	1
naiveté and	0
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	0
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
'' comes from the heart	1
well-crafted letdown .	0
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes	1
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made	1
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
comedically labored	0
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
intriguing and honorable	1
get it	1
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	0
bottom tier	0
fascinating case study	1
is n't quite out of ripe	0
will probably be a talky bore .	0
bracingly truthful	1
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
a marvel of production design .	1
so substantial or fresh	1
a vivid personality	1
for leonard	1
is a slapdash mess	0
very good comedic songs	1
saccharine sentimentality	0
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways	0
the humanity of its people	1
tepid genre offering	0
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
most generic	0
phenomenon	1
philosophers , not filmmakers	0
powerfully evocative	1
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
hell	0
two surefire , beloved genres	1
saw how bad this movie was	0
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
like a tired tyco ad	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
not a bad way	1
huge action sequence	1
the action is stilted and	0
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions	0
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject	1
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
lovely	1
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
makes it worth a recommendation	1
imbecilic	0
insufferably	0
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
unsatisfied	0
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	0
a complete waste of time	0
powerful emotional wallop	1
finely written	1
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
benefits	1
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
with us is a minor miracle	1
uses very little dialogue	0
have a bad , bad , bad movie	0
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film	1
directed with sensitivity and skill	1
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	1
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy	0
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
humor , warmth , and	1
peppered with false starts	0
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
drags the film down	0
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	0
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii	1
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	0
too evident	0
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
sucks you in	1
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	1
great director	1
still could have been room for the war scenes	0
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .	0
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
an unusually surreal tone	1
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
quite one of the worst movies of the year	0
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
escape	1
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
crapulence	0
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years ,	1
sensitive , cultivated treatment	1
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
's not very good either	0
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing	0
warm , inviting	1
the touch is generally light enough and	1
its real emotional business	1
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
intimate feeling	1
undercut	0
fresh , sometimes funny	1
oodles of charm	1
engrossing story	1
awkward interplay and utter lack	0
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
a big , juicy role	1
the illogic of its characters	0
, smartly played and smartly directed .	1
predictably melodramatic .	0
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance	0
devolves into the derivative	0
the rotting underbelly of middle america	0
is appealing .	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and	0
photographed and beautifully	1
is entertaining .	1
risky	0
emphasizes every line and sag	0
no , paralyzed	0
its easily dismissive	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures	0
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire	0
a twist -- far better	1
succeeds .	1
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation	1
but also nicely done	1
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
intelligent , well-made b movie	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic	0
glib but bouncy	1
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy	0
followed through	1
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events	1
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
originality is sorely lacking .	0
the choices	1
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
molestation	0
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results	1
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care	0
is that it does n't give a damn	0
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
mostly believable	1
an adrenaline boost	1
that memorable , but as downtown	1
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie	0
happy listening to movies	1
boring talking heads	0
it 's easy to love robin tunney	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers	1
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	0
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	1
smart and dark -	1
too amateurish and awkward	0
who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
crafty	1
some soul	1
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
an enjoyable choice for younger kids	1
a certain charm	1
bad idea	0
a love story and	1
, we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you	0
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
less than	0
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
increasingly incoherent fashion	0
common sense	1
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --	0
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes	1
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name	1
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
his penchant	1
a guilt-free trip	1
equally miserable	0
funniest film	1
ghetto	0
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
the same problems	0
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style	0
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
distinctly sub-par ...	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,	0
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love	1
as a numbingly dull experience	0
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	1
the boho art-house crowd	1
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	0
such a dependable concept was botched in execution	0
and damaged dreams	0
intelligent romantic thriller	1
the lively appeal of the last kiss	1
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
what makes their project so interesting	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise	0
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
if tragic )	0
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes	0
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
stylish cinematography	1
is a failure	0
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
wonderful tale	1
walked out on a movie	0
nonjudgmental kind	1
it is a remarkably original work .	1
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
sinks further and further into comedy futility	0
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing	1
a more balanced or fair portrayal	1
fascinating documentary	1
impresses	1
coos beseechingly at you	1
are such a companionable couple	1
history in perspective	1
its own clichés	0
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes	1
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	1
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers	0
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work	0
precious new star wars movie	1
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
on an intoxicating show	1
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	0
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but	0
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
more appealing holiday-season product	1
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
students that deals with first love sweetly	1
with originality	1
cartoonish performance	0
genuinely pretty	1
strenuous	0
rouses us	1
jaw-droppingly	1
its heart	1
tattered and ugly past	0
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
effectively chilling guilty pleasure	1
of how sandler is losing his touch	0
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
intriguing , observant	1
fun part	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably	1
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
in-your-face family drama and black comedy	1
third-rate horror sequels	0
more likely to induce sleep than fright	0
wreckage	0
of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash	0
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal	1
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .	1
richly rewarded	1
brings a beguiling freshness	1
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --	0
ai n't art , by a long shot	0
heart as important as humor	1
fascinating	1
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic	0
is familiar but enjoyable	1
a necessary and timely one	1
disquieting triumph	1
there 's not nearly enough that 's right	0
for easy , seductive pacing	1
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
manipulative claptrap	0
silliness and	1
collective	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	1
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
a hoot in a bad-movie way	0
a wonderful ensemble cast	1
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument ,	1
is reasonably entertaining	1
cliches and	0
worth the look	1
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish	0
botched	0
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
some laughs and a smile	1
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	1
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	0
a hilarious kenneth branagh	1
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was	0
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance	0
freeman ca n't save it	0
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they	1
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	0
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
borrows from other movies	0
to make of this italian freakshow	0
was beginning to hate it	0
's not only dull	0
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
much first-rate	1
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes	1
venture forth	1
part of that delicate canon	1
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	0
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
a showdown	1
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
that everyone can enjoy	1
joys	1
endlessly challenging	1
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
to suspense thriller	1
has a true cinematic knack	1
digital	1
so cold and dead	0
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
energy it 's documenting	1
disease	0
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace	1
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	0
lack-of-attention	0
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing	1
dramatic punch and depth	1
walked out of runteldat	0
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
they sometimes still can be made	1
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	0
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle	0
is smart	1
ham-fisted	0
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	1
explore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
inevitable and	0
, sweaty-palmed fun	1
a brutal and funny work .	1
by the incessant use of cell phones	0
its success on a patient viewer	1
overflowing septic tank	0
triple x marks the spot .	1
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution	0
there is a real subject here , and	1
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
will want to see over and over again	1
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
nice rhythm	1
map thematically and stylistically , and	1
new best friend ''	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking	1
a very well-meaning movie , and	1
oddly honest	1
encumbers itself with complications	0
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
predictable at every turn	0
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth	1
what punk rock music used to be	1
a nice , harmless date film	1
give you enough to feel good about	1
live-wire	1
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
happy , heady jumble	1
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
the director 's experiment	1
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	1
annoyed	0
the riveting performances	1
romantic-comedy duds	0
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time	1
white 's dry wit	1
the intentionally low standards	0
a couple of burnt-out cylinders	0
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and	1
juicy	1
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
too many tried-and-true shenanigans	0
the concentration	1
is n't very interesting actually	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire	0
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,	0
fantastically	1
you 'll like promises .	1
straight from the ages	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels	1
great help	1
got the brawn , but not the brains	0
rich , and strange	1
thoughtful minor classic	1
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
is so earnest in its yearning for the days	1
die	0
that rare movie that works on any number of levels	1
their parents , wise folks that they are	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard .	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort	1
she had to sit through it again	0
's an utterly static picture	0
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
remarkably original work	1
the beauty of the piece	1
leaves a lot to be desired	0
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	0
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film	1
so heartwarmingly	1
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films	1
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set	1
decent drama/action flick	1
that may make you hate yourself for giving in	0
of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and	0
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk	1
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
10,000	1
are becoming irritating .	0
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
offer some modest amusements	1
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	0
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
long , intricate , star-studded and	1
a holy fool	0
editing and pompous references	0
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	0
is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
sophisticated in the worst way	0
subtle , humorous , illuminating study	1
blustery	0
storytelling skills	1
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
a genre gem	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,	1
over-the-top , and amateurish	0
is truly funny	1
a powerful and telling story that examines	1
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
cinematic poem	1
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative	0
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,	0
, and totally disorientated	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism	0
hugely enjoyable film	1
spider invasion comic chiller	1
like a can of 2-day old coke	0
the cruelty and suffering	0
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque	1
refreshingly ,	1
remains uniquely itself	1
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance	1
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters	1
smart , romantic drama	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
suitably elegant	1
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	0
a subtle and richly internalized performance	1
the actors involved in the enterprise	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and	1
fake documentary	0
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
illiterate	0
has failed him	0
, joyous romp of a film .	1
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
is its reliance on formula , though	0
penetrating ,	1
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker	1
does such a good job of it	1
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels	0
laughing	1
directing with a sure and measured hand	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter	0
warm , moving	1
's as good as you remember	1
you had already seen that movie	0
a good deal funnier	1
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
a masterpiece -- and	1
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	1
's easy to like	1
an epic of astonishing grandeur	1
with grace and humor	1
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and	1
possesses its own languorous charm .	1
plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
of warmth and gentle humor	1
a great writer and	1
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	0
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
effective if you stick with it	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is	1
positively shakesperean	1
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	1
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist	1
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way	0
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	1
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
plotless collection of moronic stunts	0
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
most substantial feature for some time	1
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening	0
's in the action scenes that things fall apart	0
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them	1
too many prefabricated story elements	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but	0
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but	0
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
twice as powerful	1
sad but endearing	1
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	1
' and ` realistic '	1
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
as its own most damning censure	0
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy	0
sinister	0
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	1
, self-indulgent and maddening	0
a surprisingly faithful remake	1
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
pollyana would reach for a barf bag	0
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks	0
the outstanding soundtrack	1
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
quirky comedy	1
make this a charmer .	1
astonishing voice cast	1
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	0
by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
dough from baby boomer families	0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side	1
a joy	1
, the emotions seem authentic	1
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
frantic than involving ,	0
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
sorriest	0
intellect and	1
maintains an appealing veneer	1
amusements	1
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama	1
urge to doze	0
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
makes the right choices at every turn	1
plays as dramatic	1
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	1
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	0
oftentimes funny ,	1
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	1
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	1
totally estranged from reality	0
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
operates nicely	1
literary detective story	1
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and	0
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing	0
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
racist	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,	0
aimlessly	0
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
parents love to have their kids	1
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	0
ambitious `	1
of mindless pace in collision	0
a nicely understated expression	1
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
fun and funny in the middle ,	1
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin	0
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes	0
much of it is funny ,	1
- worst of all -	0
's coherent , well shot , and tartly	1
every painful nuance ,	0
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	0
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
that verges on the amateurish	0
striking and	1
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful	1
hip hop fantasy	1
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	1
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	0
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare ,	0
amusing and unsettling	1
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances	0
what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
passion and attitude	1
funny , subtle , and resonant	1
emotional comfort	1
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
predictable and cloying	0
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,	0
irksome , tiresome nature	0
hard , endearing , caring , warm .	1
a canny crowd pleaser	1
sleek	1
emotional depth	1
troubled	0
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
ups	1
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
an elegance and maturity	1
the food is enticing	1
possess the lack-of-attention span	0
you love the music	1
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	0
the ridiculousness	0
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west	0
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way	0
humorous and	1
's not original enough	0
often watchable	1
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all )	1
worthwhile environmental message	1
completely misses its emotions	0
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
this method almost never fails him , and	1
has a tired , talky feel	0
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
's no accident	1
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning	0
went over my head	0
a typical bible killer story	0
with such sensitivity	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,	1
ploddingly melodramatic structure	0
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
unholy	0
two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
a momentum that never lets up	1
about nothing	0
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	1
this strangely schizo cartoon	0
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie	1
is robotically italicized	0
it does n't work .	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans	1
that tries too hard to be emotional	0
done excellent work	1
bitter and truthful	1
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	0
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	1
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
a fairly slow paced ,	0
best sports movie	1
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing	0
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step	0
for some robust and scary entertainment	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down	0
overwrought ,	0
with motionless characters	0
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau	0
already-shallow	0
provide its keenest pleasures	1
, humorless soap opera	0
what a reckless	0
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	0
not-so-funny gags ,	0
ingeniously	1
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
excellent use	1
serious	1
finely tuned	1
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
enjoyably over-the-top	1
nothing 's happening	0
upbeat ending	1
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	0
what 's most memorable about circuit	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
pleasant distraction	1
focus	1
the theme does n't drag an audience down	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours	0
she 's a pretty woman ,	1
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
it is to be ya-ya	1
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	1
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	0
the acting is fine	1
a movie where story is almost an afterthought	0
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
a liability	0
, can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
a stunning fusion of music and images	1
fairly slow paced	0
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,	1
awe and affection --	1
trifling	0
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
're in luck .	1
a highly gifted 12-year-old	1
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time	0
modern-day comedies	1
embarrassed to be part of	0
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery	0
as well-characterized	1
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
saccharine as	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
of an impression	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	0
flat as a spoof	0
most sincere and artful movie	1
swooning melodrama	1
flair and bouncing bravado	1
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget	0
make the most of the large-screen format ,	1
a great script	1
quite a vision	1
going at a rapid pace	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected	1
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
a modestly made but	1
friday the 13th	1
way cheaper ( and better )	1
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	0
satisfies	1
in need of a scented bath	0
waste of time , money and celluloid	0
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	1
the el cheapo margaritas	0
the buoyant energy level	1
's , it 's simply unbearable	0
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
the art direction is often exquisite	1
with such confidence	1
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	1
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind	1
an avid interest	1
you do n't understand what on earth is going on	0
contemplative	1
france 's foremost cinematic poet	1
earthly	1
as padded as allen 's jelly belly	0
with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises	0
bring cohesion	1
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted	1
is never lethargic	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
characteristically engorged and sloppy	0
an engaging storyline ,	1
stupid characters	0
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
humor and a heartfelt conviction	1
also seems to play on a 10-year delay	0
of its sense of fun or energy	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding	1
encouraging	1
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation	0
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
capture the minds and hearts of many	1
the movie dragged on	0
serial murders	1
foul up	0
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	0
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point	1
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places	1
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it	0
an old-fashioned drama	1
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue	1
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
is to substitute plot for personality .	0
an inept , tedious spoof	0
hailed	1
a rich and intelligent film	1
all too literally	0
been trying to forget	0
spirited film	1
largely flat and uncreative moments	0
bogs	0
occasional slowness	0
is a pretty decent little documentary	1
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
damned	0
clever and cutting	1
on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff	0
the movie is ingenious fun .	1
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
worse than bland	0
uplifting and moving	1
comic set	1
potty-mouthed	0
supremely good natured	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette	1
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and	0
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
inconsequential	0
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein	1
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	0
a sad , sordid universe	0
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	1
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script	1
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
to an aimless hodgepodge	0
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
summer season	1
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
interesting movie	1
dehumanizing and ego-destroying	0
a smart movie	1
flawed ,	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter ,	1
angelina jolie 's surprising flair	1
it makes your teeth hurt	0
want to see over and over again	1
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
no wit , only	0
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
fondly	1
is a dud .	0
well-crafted film	1
a twisted sense of humor	1
distinct and very welcome sense	1
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
popcorn	1
, verve and fun	1
mythic status	1
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	1
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
worth a recommendation	1
bad trip	0
is left slightly unfulfilled	0
be thinking about going to see this movie	1
a complete waste of time	0
every single scene	1
deeply out of place in what could have	0
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity	1
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson	0
colorful , semimusical	1
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody	1
a minor miracle in unfaithful	1
, dopey old	0
mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
the company 's astonishing growth	1
stumbles	0
an erratic career	0
a good documentarian	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out	1
smart and taut	1
after the clever credits roll	1
to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
where its recent predecessor miserably	0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
is well-made	1
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
love liza 's	1
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	1
quirky , fun , popcorn movies	1
intriguing , provocative stuff	1
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids	0
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	0
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting	0
his strongest performance	1
using an endearing cast	1
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression	1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
it is more than merely a holocaust movie	1
a gleefully	1
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
has rewards	1
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	0
except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
that is revelatory	1
is that it stinks	0
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes	1
best and most exciting movies	1
its predictability	0
skilled	1
a frightening and compelling	1
this nervy oddity , like modern art	1
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it	1
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	0
sensuous and spirited tale	1
stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	1
charitable	1
involve a dentist drill	0
pretty	1
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	1
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness	0
alienate the mainstream audience	0
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
are intriguing and realistic	1
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	0
a good cast	1
that believing in something does matter	1
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film	0
of the clients	1
hard-to-swallow	0
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	0
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --	0
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling	0
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either	0
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller	1
a lot richer than the ones	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	1
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout	0
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
of nonsense	0
make you feel like a sucker	0
padded	0
works because reno	1
enjoyable level	1
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole	0
continues to improve	1
ugly behavior	0
smart-aleck movie	1
profoundly stupid affair	0
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
immensely appealing	1
the best , most	1
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	1
moronic as some campus	0
the image that really tells the tale	1
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers	0
exciting plot	1
a depressing story	0
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant	1
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
loveable	1
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it	1
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
, truly bad	0
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
funny film	1
is completely at sea	1
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
made the full monty a smashing success ...	1
very enjoyable	1
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie	0
worth a summertime look-see	1
suffering	0
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
it 's still damn funny stuff	1
virtually nothing to show	0
solid performances and	1
their natural instinct for self-preservation	1
its unerring respect	1
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
ignite sparks	1
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
enormously good fun	1
really won my heart	1
historical truth and realism	1
through clever makeup design	1
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	1
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .	1
as he creates	1
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen	0
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines	0
so bleak	0
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
the exploitative	0
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
is merited	1
is to be cherished .	1
companionable	1
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	0
the top japanese animations	1
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
expands	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
grave	0
the first mistake	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling	0
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less	1
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
is rather pretentious	0
bring out the cake	1
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in	0
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
an intriguing species	1
its visual delights	1
laughably , irredeemably awful .	0
contrived and predictable	0
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
a bland animated sequel	0
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself	1
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
95-minute commercial	0
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,	0
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book	0
tnt	1
the redeeming feature	1
what kind of sewage	0
puts a human face	1
a wonderfully creepy mood	1
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
, what a thrill ride	1
more accurately , it 's moving	1
intoxicating atmosphere and	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out ,	1
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
outstanding soundtrack	1
the entire exercise has no real point	0
me no lika da accents so good	0
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
its opening	1
filming the teeming life on the reefs	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and	1
, unconvincing	0
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
uninspired preachy and clichéd war	0
sentimental but entirely irresistible	1
a lighthearted glow	1
feeble tootsie knockoff .	0
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	1
that most frightening of all movies --	1
most repugnant adaptation	0
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
of the best films of the year	1
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one .	0
dramatic and emotional pull	1
precious circumstances	1
fine-looking	1
a treat --	1
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ;	1
its standard formula	0
modestly	1
movie fun	1
broad streaks of common sense	1
result in a movie that works against itself	0
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point	1
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	1
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but	0
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
genuine heart	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	1
the vagueness of topical excess	0
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
creeping	0
a remarkable piece	1
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile	0
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco	1
, the movie is better than you might think .	1
it 's also one of the smartest	1
a listless and desultory affair .	0
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	0
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house	1
, it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
family and community	1
comfort	1
compels	1
watching your favorite pet get buried alive	0
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash	0
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	0
thriller junk	0
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	0
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference	1
no cute factor	0
farts , urine , feces ,	0
as sharp as the original	1
is forgettable	0
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia	1
small but rewarding comedy	1
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art	1
that was followed by the bad idea	0
a strong script	1
terrific casting and	1
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process	0
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
it makes you feel like a chump	0
is worth seeking	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery	1
the humor wry and sprightly	1
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music	1
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish	1
the film is essentially juiceless .	0
run-of-the-filth	0
must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
best actress	1
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	0
emphasizes the computer and the cool	1
woven together skilfully	1
believable mother/daughter pair	1
fake backdrops	0
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	0
musical passion	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence	1
ultimately vapid	0
slapping its target audience	0
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 )	0
a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes	0
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
that led to their notorious rise to infamy	1
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots	0
hold our attention	1
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches	1
has merit and	1
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	1
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment	1
provocative stuff	1
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
by a master	1
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
another shameless attempt	0
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today	1
call me a cynic ,	0
funny and well-contructed	1
warmth and humor	1
seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	0
delivered with such conviction	1
the finest films	1
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but	0
frittered away	0
clunky tv-movie approach	0
screenwriting award	1
may not be particularly innovative	0
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures	0
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises	0
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz	1
character portrait , romantic comedy	1
witty and often surprising	1
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
too stagey ,	0
is n't the actor to save it .	0
may lack the pungent bite of its title	0
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
an insultingly unbelievable final act	0
more successful	1
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up	0
the mushy finale	0
a younger lad	1
too much exploitation and too little art	0
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	0
three splendid actors	1
it worth checking out at theaters	1
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again	1
sweetheart	1
there 's no real sense of suspense , and	0
shines on all the characters ,	1
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	0
intelligent and	1
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and	0
fierce	1
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun	1
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	0
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise	0
some cute moments , funny scenes	1
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull	1
worth telling	1
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity	1
the personal touch of manual animation	1
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	0
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral	0
strongly	1
like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise	1
have to admit i walked out of runteldat	0
strikes a potent chemistry with molina	1
bloody	0
know how to please the eye	1
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	0
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity	1
mishmash	0
with such good humor	1
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade	1
half-assed film .	0
as a film director , labute continues to improve .	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
some outrageously creative action	1
, baroque beauty	1
the gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	0
with a hard-to-swallow premise	0
not smart and	0
looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
further	1
peerlessly	1
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	1
crafted , and well executed	1
a potentially sudsy set-up	0
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride	1
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	1
holds up well	1
to a strangely sinister happy ending	1
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	1
unsurprising	0
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
is a good one	1
sulky	0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	0
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up	1
sit through crap like this	0
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	0
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	1
quirky , slightly strange french films	1
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	1
funny and human and	1
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform	0
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
pleasantly and predictably	1
more interesting -- and	1
immense	1
speaks volumes ,	1
of romantic obsession	1
bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
love to come from an american director in years	1
everywhere	1
a satisfying kids flck	1
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay	0
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard	0
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...	1
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
following your dream	1
top-notch cast	1
be called the best korean film of 2002	1
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
genuinely moving	1
enthralling drama	1
it 's an ambitious film	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience	1
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
chillingly effective	1
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .	0
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
neglecting character development	0
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and	0
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement ,	0
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure	1
rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
film festival	1
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	0
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson	1
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
open	1
appealingly	1
intellect	1
unflattering	0
old story	0
the dialogue is cumbersome	0
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	0
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
do n't even like their characters	0
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
thinking about going to see this movie	1
mr. polanski is in his element here :	1
what 's worse , routine	0
awards animals the respect they	1
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss	0
complex	1
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie	1
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,	1
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision	1
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped	1
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen	1
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
is tepid and tedious .	0
( tsai 's ) masterpiece	1
this is a superior horror flick .	1
is nothing short of a great one .	1
getting into too many pointless situations	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence	1
prostituted muse	0
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,	1
enjoyably	1
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds	0
not infrequently breathtaking	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	1
a shaky , uncertain film	0
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
, they finally feel absolutely earned	1
humorous and heartfelt ,	1
of particular value or merit	1
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...	0
self-inflicted retaliation	0
to the soggy performances	0
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
embodies the transformation of his character completely	1
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
camouflage how bad his movie is	0
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon	1
faith in the future	1
that a life like this can sound so dull	0
be as lonely and needy	0
is full of charm	1
hugely accomplished	1
starts out with tremendous promise ,	1
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
laughed at	1
are mesmerizing	1
for the most part , credible	1
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
a distinct rarity , and	1
a dime	1
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
uncertain	0
, brutally clueless	0
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated	1
( and beautifully edited )	1
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
the bizarre is credible	1
laughed that hard	1
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
an admirable ,	1
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	1
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three	0
low-budget	0
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
who ca n't quite live up to it	0
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
a weak script	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood	1
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
deserves a sequel	1
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life	1
a very well-meaning movie ,	1
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
doomed	0
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer	0
just how much more grueling and time-consuming	0
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care	1
far more stylish	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,	0
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --	1
torture and	0
transcendent love story	1
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included	0
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
between chaplin and kidman	1
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
a fan	1
( less a movie than )	0
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
exceptional detail	1
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	1
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	1
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama	1
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	0
it 's all quite tasteful to look at	1
she 's cut open a vein	0
worldly knowledge	1
inspiring ,	1
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	0
a phony relationship	0
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting	0
plucks	1
you have to see it .	1
are ... impeccable throughout .	1
just as much intelligence	1
a lack of clarity and audacity	0
singing , and unforgettable characters	1
cultivation	1
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie	0
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	0
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut	1
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson	1
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little	0
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry	0
a mediocre exercise in target demographics	0
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly	0
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
could hardly	0
warm and winning central performance	1
thematic content and narrative strength	1
hard to make the most of a bumper	0
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half .	0
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
wonderfully creepy mood	1
languishing	0
the insanity	0
love it	1
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy	0
abject	0
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
possibly will enjoy it	1
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
so bland	0
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
of the best inside-show-biz	1
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .	1
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
muddled drama	0
believing in something does matter	1
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
he has a great cast and a great idea .	1
the top and movies	1
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
it 's provocative stuff	1
here leaves a lot to be desired	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck	0
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day	0
, narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
liked by the people who can still give him work	1
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	0
wedding sequence	1
funniness	1
... quite endearing .	1
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over	1
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
this is no `` waterboy ! ''	0
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
most offensive thing	0
rooted	1
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious	1
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	0
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --	1
in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
did n't mean much to me	0
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
imaginative flight	1
manage to get you under its spell	1
lightweight meaning	0
's still a guilty pleasure to watch	1
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension	0
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
graceless and devoid	0
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible	0
weird , wonderful	1
wit or innovation	1
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,	0
maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause	1
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
tawdry b-movie scum	0
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	1
vicious and absurd	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling	1
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
a sequel you can refuse	0
you love it	1
above-average brains	1
ominous mood and tension	0
is one of the best actors there is	1
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts --	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest ,	1
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made	0
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden	1
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
a homage	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this	0
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	1
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	1
essentially ruined --	0
a text to ` lick ,	0
rounded and revealing	1
, nothing good can happen	0
both sides of this emotional car-wreck	0
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	1
for this illuminating comedy	1
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	0
how the movie could be released in this condition	0
a photographic marvel	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,	1
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish	1
unusually surreal	1
stirring tribute	1
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
the cinematic canon	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and	1
can do even more damage	0
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune )	0
a good thing	1
terrorism	0
comes off winningly	1
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil	1
a deep bow	1
the perfectly pitched web	1
feel-bad	0
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
sometimes exceptional film	1
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	0
moodiness	0
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me	0
potent chemistry	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,	1
just never gets off the ground .	0
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
's as crisp and to the point	1
will be something to behold	1
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
in the knowledge imparted	1
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
straight-ahead	1
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )	1
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
special walk	1
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
of the movie 's charm	1
have potential as a cult film	1
very funny , very enjoyable ...	1
to see a movie with its heart	1
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
he 's well worth spending some time with	1
thoroughly enjoyable .	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
may be disappointed .	0
farcically bawdy	0
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart	1
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	0
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
of important developments of the computer industry	1
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
essentially ruined -- or , rather	0
one moment	1
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine	0
exploiting	0
he refuses to give us real situations and characters	0
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
grand as the lord of the rings	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,	1
eventual cult classic	1
richly	1
dynamic	1
new york metropolitan area	1
an exciting plot	1
, energetic and original	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year	1
convincing	1
land beyond time	1
an intelligent screenplay	1
consciously dumbed-down approach	0
humorous .	1
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
set it apart from other deep south stories	1
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
yet i found it weirdly appealing	1
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,	0
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart	1
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production	0
often touching	1
brain strain	0
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
its true-to-life characters ,	1
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey	0
of oral storytelling frozen onto film	1
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	1
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
thoughtful and	1
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy	0
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients	1
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s.	1
often surprising twists	1
to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy	0
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies	1
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
especially disappointing	0
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions	1
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	0
pooper-scoopers	0
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over	1
sin	0
fast-paced and wonderfully edited	1
what makes this film special	1
that effortlessly draws you in	1
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director	1
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence	0
at its best moments	1
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
tell its story	1
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
in action	1
an asian landscape painting	1
this choppy and sloppy affair	0
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years	1
means check it out .	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	0
to the head of the class of women 's films	1
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust ,	0
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
dismissed as mindless	0
have a good time	1
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
unusually crafty and intelligent	1
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
lame and	0
the empty stud knockabout	0
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	0
final , beautiful scene	1
just dreadful	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	0
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare	0
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes	1
is not real	0
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .	0
sing beautifully	1
providing no real sense of suspense	0
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life	1
is nothing short of a great one	1
immersive powers	1
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
watchable up	1
can you take before indigestion sets in	0
an elegant visual sense and	1
counter the crudity	0
an interesting bit	1
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama	1
bargain-basement european pickup	0
most resonant film since the killer	1
love it ...	1
for some very good acting , dialogue ,	1
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
went astray	0
nor terribly funny	0
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import	1
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .	0
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud	0
cinematic appeal	1
uncanny	1
keep upping the ante on each other ,	1
are presented in convincing way	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '	1
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	1
lamer	0
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
warm as it is wise	1
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings	1
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences	0
will turn out	1
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy	1
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
longer exposition sequences between them	0
the film 's plot may be shallow	0
nothing about this movie works .	0
intelligence or invention	1
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
know a star	1
plodding soap opera	0
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
is a winner .	1
worse yet	0
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored	1
jim brown	1
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	1
entertained by the sight of someone	1
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	1
loses its overall sense of mystery	0
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds	1
thrilled	1
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
, mesmerizing	1
jackson 's	1
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours	1
unlaughable	0
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature	0
all-enveloping movie experience	1
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	0
a step further , richer and deeper	1
mtv schmucks	0
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
point and purpose	1
about a family 's joyous life	1
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the	1
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people	1
is far from disappointing	1
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
fluffy and disposible .	0
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
slick and	1
grows thin	0
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin	0
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior .	0
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	0
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics	0
too much syrup	0
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs	0
bland hollywood romance	0
engaging and unpredictable character pieces	1
with a bouncy score	1
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever	1
paints a grand picture of an era	1
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
you have no affinity for most of the characters .	0
the abiding impression	1
continues .	1
that it has n't gone straight to video	0
be oblivious to the existence of this film	0
skid-row	0
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and	0
the finish line	1
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	0
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	1
its originality	1
this movie is to be cherished .	1
of good old-fashioned escapism	1
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting	1
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther ,	0
it would be easy for critics to shred it	0
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	1
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
their recklessness	0
incoherence and	0
a good and ambitious film	1
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
fondness and respect	1
bring on the sequel .	1
intimate and panoramic	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
piffle	0
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	1
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation	0
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
scotland looks wonderful ,	1
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
a thriller	1
you wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
almost entirely witless and inane ,	0
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses	0
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life	1
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages --	1
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002	0
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film	0
his impressively delicate range	1
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable	0
top-notch action powers	1
put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
an unforgettable	1
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity	0
of visual charm	1
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes	0
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve	0
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	1
deep intelligence and	1
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	1
certainly does n't disappoint .	1
a well-made evocation	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers	1
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe	0
gritty police thriller	1
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .	1
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	1
seen as hip ,	1
's a terrible movie in every regard ,	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , ''	1
rollicking	1
hitchcock 's	1
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten	1
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators	1
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer	1
so gracefully	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,	0
times uncommonly moving	1
expressive	1
most charmless	0
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes	0
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career	1
frustrates and	0
as emotionally grand	1
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination	1
scary-funny	1
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action	0
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
a capable thriller	1
redolent of a thousand cliches	0
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
stunning	1
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
an insane comic undertaking	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors	0
to lowly studio hack	0
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together	1
imbued with passion and attitude	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller	0
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story	1
hated myself	0
few new converts	0
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
odd and weird .	0
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie	0
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	0
a few nice twists	1
awakening and ripening	1
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
eyes	1
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band	1
what enlivens this film	1
a treat	1
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny	0
most opaque , self-indulgent and	0
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	0
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears	1
fresh ,	1
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
ultimately worthwhile	1
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	0
showing honest emotions .	1
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
has never been smoother or more confident	1
a profoundly stupid affair	0
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film	0
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children	0
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
enjoyable undercover brother	1
the historical , philosophical	1
milder is n't better	0
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances	1
a damn fine and	1
's nothing very attractive about this movie	0
to crack a smile at	1
written so well ,	1
to a higher level	1
the reunion	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera	0
infectious	1
decent but dull .	0
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots	0
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	0
of its attractive young leads	1
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope	1
of grace	1
, his most personal work yet .	1
's got the brawn , but not the brains	0
of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
through this mess	0
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
her life half-asleep	0
out-sized	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but	0
considerable appeal	1
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters	0
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works	0
casting excellent latin actors of all ages --	1
tender and	1
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
serious and thoughtful .	1
the origins	1
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .	0
out of character and logically porous action set	0
that seem so real in small doses	1
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
involved .	1
rigid and evasive in ways	0
a real winner	1
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
compelling	1
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
the most compelling performance of the year	1
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
most magical and	1
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
be a one-trick pony	0
many of the things that made the first one charming	1
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
drowned me in boredom .	0
sharp as the original	1
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original	0
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed	1
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
those with a modicum of patience	0
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves	0
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy	1
stupid and pointless	0
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
suitably kooky which should appeal to women	1
this facetious smirk	0
, touching	1
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
especially fine	1
graced	1
a loud , witless mess that	0
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating	1
thrill you , touch you	1
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
feel like mopping up ,	0
confused in death to smoochy	0
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	0
stunning animation	1
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
, i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas ,	0
a good deal funnier than his original	1
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
succeeds through sincerity .	1
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary	1
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
a decomposition	0
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
very well done	1
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch	0
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose	0
of the year 's best	1
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
himself a deft pace master and stylist	1
unsympathetic hero	0
a series of riveting set pieces	1
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
warm , fuzzy feeling	1
delicately calibrated in tone	1
likely to leave a lasting impression	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
agreeably	1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	0
his imagination so vivid	1
somber pacing and lack	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
hitchcockian suspense	1
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
for with its heart	1
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
impressive results	1
the road to perdition	1
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
smoky and	1
an entertaining british hybrid	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51	0
different , unusual , even nutty	1
both overplayed and exaggerated	0
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks	0
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god	1
the highly predictable narrative	0
in welcome perspective	1
resolutely unamusing	0
a visionary	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,	1
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
is terrific as rachel	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	0
drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
to make it worth watching	1
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	0
ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences	1
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
a heavy stench	0
has a handful of smart jokes	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	0
unexplainable	0
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	0
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
makes absolutely no sense	0
tepid and	0
wonderful cinematography	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait	1
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven	1
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
excited about on this dvd	1
deft comic timing	1
's propelled by the acting	1
compelling supporting characters	1
funny bones tickled	1
seems to have recharged him .	1
this flat run	0
does n't make for great cinema	0
enough energy and excitement	1
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
enjoyed it just as much !	1
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	0
moaning about their cruel fate	0
nifty twists	1
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
gets vivid performances from her cast	1
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
its utter sincerity	1
there is a real subject here	1
meeting , even exceeding expectations	1
brainless	0
die hideously	0
the major problem with windtalkers	0
pallid horror	0
its passages of sensitive observation	1
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
distracted rhythms	0
scuzzy underbelly	0
own solemn insights	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,	0
historically significant , and personal , episode	1
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
this one feels like a life sentence	0
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	1
though flawed	0
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	0
soulless and	0
is tenderly observant of his characters	1
glow	1
unconditional	1
smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
( and better )	1
's simply unbearable	0
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	0
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before	1
the very top rank	1
sparking debate and	1
odd and	0
even less surprises	0
immaculate	1
american action-adventure buffs	1
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie	1
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
is an earnest study in despair	1
groundbreaking	1
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
the pleasure of watching them	1
no level whatsoever	0
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it	1
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
manic and energetic	1
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film	0
, flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
humor in i spy is so anemic .	0
of warmth and humor	1
charmer	1
humorous	1
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	0
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity	0
an entertainment	1
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or	0
uneasy bonds	0
that may not always work	0
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause	1
love the music	1
the consciously dumbed-down approach	0
take on loss and loneliness	0
with every cinematic tool	1
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
seem like mere splashing around in the muck	0
a splendid meal	1
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
creepiness	0
filled with strange and wonderful creatures	1
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
gets the look and the period trappings right	1
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
surrounding us	1
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	1
simply runs out of ideas	0
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
the best of a growing strain of daring films	1
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
a bored cage	0
visually striking and viscerally repellent	1
a cheat in the end	0
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	1
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world	1
of the greatest date movies in years	1
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
has worked wonders with the material	1
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
, not scarier	0
socially encompassing	1
chilling , and affecting	1
as the movie sputters	0
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
scant place	0
the psychology too textbook to intrigue	0
magic and is enjoyable family fare	1
laid-back	1
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense	1
most famous	1
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
and verbal clichés	0
it magic	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...	1
) ensure that the film is never dull	1
great pity	0
what makes it worth the trip to the theater	1
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
in memory	1
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work	1
seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
incoherent	0
embellishment	1
keen eye ,	1
does n't really believe in it ,	0
bad way	0
, evelyn comes from the heart .	1
amiable	1
hack nick davies	0
's contrived and predictable	0
as pleasantly	1
the troubling thing about clockstoppers	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,	0
unforced comedy-drama	1
song-and-dance-man	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
cranky adults	0
stylish but steady , and	1
energetic	1
sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
inconsistencies	0
the success	1
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
revelation	1
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine	0
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination	0
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it	0
to provoke them	1
flirts with propaganda	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely	1
praise	1
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	1
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
never feels draggy	1
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	1
( but none of the sheer lust )	0
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
the film is way too full of itself	0
psychotic than romantic	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...	1
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen	1
the film has ( its ) moments	1
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
a funny yet dark and	1
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	0
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level	0
must have been lost in the mail	0
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit	1
a bunch of talented thesps	1
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
reinvigorated	1
that might be best forgotten	0
scenic splendor	1
it 's not a motion picture ;	0
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator	1
here is doa .	0
thanks to remarkable performances	1
badly-rendered cgi effects	0
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
every articulate player	1
martial arts	1
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
a performance that is masterly	1
brutally honest	1
impish	0
in good fun	1
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
a deadly bore	0
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
inane , humorless and under-inspired .	0
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
aggravating and tedious .	0
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works	1
jolt you	1
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
the film is never dull	1
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas	1
high-wattage brainpower	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
faithful to melville 's plotline	1
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new	0
if i stay positive	1
about memory and regret	1
wonderfully	1
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
conceptually brilliant	1
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic	0
a deficit of flim-flam	0
want nothing else than to show us a good time	1
real heart	1
a really long , slow and dreary time	0
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions ,	1
desolate	0
without resorting to camp or parody	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,	1
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature	1
quite a comedy	1
upfront that the plot makes no sense	0
of the funniest jokes of any movie	1
once again dazzle and delight us	1
family fare .	1
that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
revels in its own simplicity	1
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida	0
luckiest viewers	1
annoying score	0
no real sense of suspense	0
it 's unnerving suspense	1
the film is one of the year 's best .	1
better script	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out	1
the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte	0
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
exquisite , unfakable sense	1
by far the worst movie of the year	0
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
wewannour money back , actually .	0
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s	1
no quarter	0
music and laughter	1
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy	1
i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and	1
painful as the grey zone	0
a brilliant college student	1
immaculately	1
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	1
just as endearing and easy	1
real women have curves truly is life affirming	1
auteuil is a goofy pleasure	1
treasure .	1
both the beauty of the land and the people	1
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be	0
the greatest films	1
redeemed by its stars	1
falls down	0
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
whose legacy had begun to bronze	1
deadeningly	0
familiar and predictable	0
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding	1
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
sending the audience straight to hell	0
, avarice and damaged dreams	0
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals	1
biggest names	1
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	1
underrehearsed	0
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
happens that tells you there is no sense .	0
to reel in the audience	1
extraordinarily good	1
the film 's mid-to-low budget	0
been a hoot in a bad-movie way	0
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and	1
as moronic as some campus	0
( other than the very sluggish pace )	0
we have no idea what in creation is going on	0
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing	0
new treasure	1
, action-packed chiller	1
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,	0
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
masochism	0
luminous interviews	1
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
a well-made pizza	1
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
intriguing look	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ;	0
marvelous first 101	1
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark	0
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
outside his grasp	0
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
some unnecessary parts	0
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	0
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
family movie	1
we have come to love	1
suspenseful horror movie	1
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
string	1
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
is actually one of its strengths	1
to flat characters	0
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences	1
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances	1
may really need the company of others	0
about the plight of american indians in modern america	1
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful	1
wasted .	0
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
a buoyant , expressive flow	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling ,	1
hilary	1
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
much more watchable	1
little substance	0
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other	0
an intense indoor drama	1
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	1
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	1
of director abel ferrara	1
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
this funny film	1
robinson 's web of suspense	1
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
so tedious	0
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
mishandled here	0
nature film and a tribute	1
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them	0
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	1
seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing	1
almost perpetually wasted characters	0
a xerox machine	0
intermittently powerful	1
irreparable	0
who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
the humor has point	1
seems as deflated as he does	0
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes	0
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an )	0
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
foolish and shallow	0
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,	0
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
loosely tied series	0
was the best the contest received	1
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
` stoked	1
powerful and satisfying	1
worth the journey	1
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was	0
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
well-rounded	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter	1
this dubious product	0
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
improved upon the first and	1
modestly surprising	1
appreciated a smartly written motion picture	1
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow	0
an eloquent memorial	1
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
small but rewarding	1
the jokes ,	1
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival	1
love the robust middle of this picture .	1
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	1
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director	0
monsoon wedding	1
exceeds	1
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue	1
a breakthrough in filmmaking	1
harmoniously	1
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark	0
it 's all bluster and cliché	0
great credit	1
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -	1
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances	0
of hopeful	1
are canny and spiced with irony	1
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
of irreparable damage	0
a story about intelligent high school	1
on the promise of excitement	1
bile , and irony	0
fun , and	1
laziness and arrogance	0
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day	1
a great impression	1
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with	0
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
( and lovely )	1
-- a nice , harmless date film	1
is a riot .	1
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things	1
that never quite gel	0
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
skimpy	0
acute writing and a host of splendid performances	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,	1
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,	0
divine	1
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
excels	1
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
further sad evidence	0
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
a bright future	1
a downward narcotized spiral	0
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	0
helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	1
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	1
have to see this	1
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain	1
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
pretty weary	0
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
soulless jumble	0
trying to forget	0
pretty good little movie .	1
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller	1
, flat dialogue	0
suspenseful	1
difficult to connect with on any deeper level	0
magical enough	1
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling	0
this thing is just garbage .	0
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
playful spark	1
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	1
a sub-formulaic slap	0
fulfilling	1
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	0
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	0
a rather listless amble down	0
sink into melancholia	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,	0
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
become wearisome	0
significantly different ( and better ) than most films	1
of clever ideas and visual gags	1
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance	0
utterly misplaced	0
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
of the more influential works	1
perfect	1
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
hokum but	0
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis	1
hyper-realistic	1
bugged me	0
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
confection that 's pure entertainment .	1
equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
movie version	1
prepare to marvel again .	1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable	0
, his secret life will leave you thinking	1
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time	1
the horror fan	1
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing	0
loud , silly , stupid and pointless	0
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	1
've got a huge mess	0
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and	0
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
the pungent bite of its title	0
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .	0
so warm and fuzzy	1
's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	1
painfully slow	0
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	0
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
an amusement	1
un-bear-able '' project	0
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
the gorgeously elaborate continuation	1
a cartoon ?	0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
used to burn every print of the film	0
a conventional but heartwarming tale	1
quirky , charming and often hilarious	1
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb	1
' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas ,	1
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism	0
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies	1
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
an absorbing look	1
an entertaining ride	1
that it 's too close to real life to make sense	0
wise and powerful tale	1
a marginal thumbs up	1
betrayal , deceit and murder	0
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
murder by numbers just does n't add up .	0
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
sleek	1
you 'd swear you	1
thoroughly awful	0
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	0
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it	1
thrill you , touch you and make you	1
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,	0
dullness	0
on its way	1
with their fathers	1
dramatized pbs program	0
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
new zealand coming-of-age movie	1
fiercely clever and subtle	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and	0
shame	0
complex than your average film	1
a few gut-busting laughs	1
more measured or polished production	1
seen ( eddie )	1
as dumb and cheesy	0
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing	0
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment	0
dramatically lackluster .	0
of creative belly laughs	1
be a great piece of filmmaking	1
is sappy and amateurish	0
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
is better than you might think .	1
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies	0
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,	0
nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
otherwise excellent	1
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage	1
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
unconvincing	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing	0
greatly	1
grotesque narcissism	0
when it 's this rich and luscious	1
blatant derivativeness	0
how low brow	0
's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
sometimes inadequate performances	0
those monologues stretch on and on	0
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	0
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes	1
has enough wit	1
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	1
spontaneity in its execution and	1
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .	1
the movie is all portent and no content	0
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	0
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
long-suffering	0
great american comedy	1
check your brain	0
a better film	1
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	0
a new scene	1
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion	0
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust	1
secondhand ,	0
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households	1
bad film	0
flourishes and	1
pleaser	1
a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
entirely wholesome )	1
and undemanding armchair tourists	0
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	0
smart , provocative drama	1
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs	1
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison	0
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope	0
honor the many faceless victims	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :	0
intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
hardly an objective documentary	0
actually hurts to watch .	0
random , superficial humor	0
the best film of the year 2002 .	1
refined piece	1
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
scratching your head in amazement over the fact	0
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
massive cardiac arrest	0
simply ca n't recommend it enough .	1
the visual flair and bouncing bravado	1
unerring	1
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack	1
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
an equally miserable film	0
sympathy and intelligence	1
disaster flick	0
giving it a strong thumbs up	1
it slow , predictable and not very amusing	0
and gently humorous	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	1
as a ghost story gone badly awry	0
some honest insight	1
ending surprise	1
most wondrously gifted artists	1
picture-perfect beach	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but	1
good line	1
wander about in thick clouds of denial	0
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
a true-blue delight .	1
healing	1
that came to define a generation	1
are very expressive .	1
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''	0
reach much further than we imagine	1
takes big bloody chomps out	0
enough to give you brain strain	0
romp that 's always fun to watch	1
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action	1
by ryan gosling	1
loyal	1
is as conventional as can be	0
rather brilliant little cult item	1
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
dubious product	0
exceptionally	1
it with ring ,	1
is the best performance from either in years	1
he 's willing to express his convictions	1
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
as another key contribution	1
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
keep people going in this crazy life	1
childhood imagination	1
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
major pleasures	1
bears out as your typical junkie opera	0
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	0
grant is certainly amusing	1
you see this film you 'll know too	1
tortured	0
keep you wide awake and	1
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
incredible subtlety and acumen	1
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	1
a wonderful tale	1
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza	1
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
does n't really know or care about the characters	0
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent	1
unendurable	0
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
coupled with pitch-perfect acting	1
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple	1
a more measured or polished production ever could	1
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
smeary and blurry	0
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	1
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style	1
unexpected twists	1
is a beautiful film to watch	1
a striking style	1
finds warmth in the coldest environment and	1
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text	0
and crude storyline	0
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film	0
dismiss	0
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works	1
a big , tender hug	1
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
loved	1
a young american ,	1
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
is a total misfire	0
's hard to stop watching	1
a happy ending	1
mundane soap opera	0
been cobbled together onscreen	0
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified	1
fewer gags to break the tedium	0
a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
vivid characters and a warm , moving message	1
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
for an intelligent weepy	1
more sheerly beautiful film	1
struggles	0
earnest study	1
the kind of obnoxious	0
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to	0
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	1
crafty , energetic and smart	1
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency	1
match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself	1
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
eerily accurate depiction	1
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
exudes	1
sounds whiny and defensive ,	0
the point of nausea	0
over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
chillingly	1
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
routine action and jokes like this	0
, some of it is honestly affecting	1
is even more embracing than monty ,	1
succeeded	1
meets those standards	1
gorgeous pair	1
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate	0
tired stereotypes	0
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
has a brain	1
with style and empathy	1
right stuff	1
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,	0
disappointing in comparison	0
too violent	0
biography channel	1
the lack of climax and , worst of all	0
absolutely unnecessary	0
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship	1
painful elegy	0
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	1
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
its logical loopholes ,	0
perceptive , good-natured movie	1
comprehend it	1
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,	1
aggressively silly	0
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy	0
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
joyous communal festival	1
that it 's so not-at-all-good	0
able to give full performances	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
interested	1
difficult to fathom	0
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact	0
desperate attempt	0
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
give it considerable punch	1
elegant and sly	1
was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade	0
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and	0
very bad scouse accents	0
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	0
to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
bad action movie	0
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
a just a waste	0
michael myers for good	1
cheered at just that	1
lucid work	1
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
this an eminently engrossing film	1
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace	0
shines like a lonely beacon .	1
inspired dialogue bits	1
acceptable ,	1
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
a landmark in film history	1
's still too burdened by the actor	0
the performances are amiable and committed	1
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
an absurdly simplistic picture	0
is hard to resist	1
to the point of nausea	0
ame and unnecessary .	0
dreadful romance	0
the bad things	0
the soullessness	0
does n't add up	0
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
like mike shoots and scores	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level	0
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
a strong script , powerful direction and	1
seeing because it 's so bad	0
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries	1
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
improves on it ,	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	0
questionable kind	0
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy	0
big ending surprise	1
is the opposite of a truly magical movie	0
the way chekhov is funny	1
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
image-mongering	0
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
fascinate	1
well paced and satisfying	1
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow	0
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
a fine , focused piece	1
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --	0
more graceful	1
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
oblivious	0
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff	0
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
, delicately performed	1
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film	1
compelling new material	1
the film is well-crafted	1
less funny	0
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life	1
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence	0
a family film	1
with square conviction	1
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	1
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns	0
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action	0
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
a sad , soggy potboiler	0
might be with a large dose of painkillers	0
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
engaging and intimate	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	1
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel	1
insufferable	0
fascinating study	1
super-dooper-adorability	1
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy	1
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
a nicely	1
despair	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	1
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
of matthew shepard	1
innocent	1
delicate treatment	1
are laughs aplenty	1
chamber of secrets	1
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
the enduring strengths	1
of a great one	1
film history	1
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve	1
a whole lot of fun	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )	0
gag two or three times	0
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic	1
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it	0
to make us share their enthusiasm	1
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
rely on an ambiguous presentation	0
of malaise	0
a fascinating glimpse of urban life	1
artistes	1
their idol 's energy and passion	1
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	0
a truly wonderful tale	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
a rehash	0
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
a smart , provocative drama	1
just about the best straight-up	1
best case	1
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
compellingly watchable .	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow	0
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears	0
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation	0
has a terrific look	1
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was	0
decent draft	1
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame	0
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema	1
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered	0
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	0
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be	1
is this so boring	0
the tortured and self-conscious material	0
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film	1
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience ,	1
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
properly spooky film	1
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music	1
a film so graceless and devoid	0
frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	0
, offensive and redundant	0
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences	1
a rather bland affair .	0
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision	1
however	0
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
done , so primitive in technique ,	0
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	0
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and	1
the battle bots	1
, intelligent eyes	1
an odd drama	0
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games	1
a characteristically engorged and sloppy	0
even more remarkable	1
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
philosophical void	0
the story compels	1
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing	0
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
creative film	1
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar	0
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be	0
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
best story	1
having a real writer plot	1
boisterous energy	1
one mediocre movie	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina	1
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
to investigate	1
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
wonderous	1
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	0
idiotic court maneuvers	0
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
a hugely rewarding experience	1
the cultural distinctions	1
good action , good acting ,	1
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	1
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically	1
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
a splendid job	1
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really )	0
of the week blown up for the big screen	0
a prolific director	1
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery	0
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once	0
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary	0
word ` dog '	0
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music	0
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	0
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime	1
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
child acting	0
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,	0
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks	1
cold porridge	0
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	0
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood	1
makes it attractive throughout	1
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof	0
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	1
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film	0
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and	1
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but	1
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
in all fairness	1
her agreeably startling use of close-ups	1
slow and ponderous ,	0
talent and wit	1
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	0
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
austerity and forcefulness	1
is strictly routine	0
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
no particularly memorable effect	0
her childlike smile	1
of solid performances	1
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
tics	0
in its own way	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations	0
merrily	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --	1
the excitement	1
a good-hearted ensemble comedy	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
's nothing interesting in unfaithful	0
remains vividly in memory	1
give credit to everyone from robinson	1
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	0
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film	1
unwary viewers	0
a bad soap opera	0
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
this overproduced piece of dreck	0
no big whoop , nothing new to see	0
the rich promise	1
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	0
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously	0
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point	1
advancing	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
ignites	1
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original	1
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing	1
practices	1
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
, jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
cleverness	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
depressing	0
exciting	1
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving	1
the beast should definitely get top billing	1
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
mr. polanski is in his element here	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose ,	1
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games	0
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic	0
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation	0
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity	0
a besotted and obvious drama	0
despicable	0
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
of justice	1
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director	1
eye-popping visuals	1
being very funny	1
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one	1
significantly better	1
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	0
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
drama that takes itself all too seriously	0
all those famous moments	1
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
a little better than sorcerer 's stone	1
to his son 's home	1
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character	0
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about	0
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
informative	1
innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
lightweight	0
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	0
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
compressed characterisations	0
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece	1
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
just plain bad	0
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
preposterousness	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	1
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale	1
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
tells this very compelling tale	1
passions , obsessions , and	1
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
have a good time with this one too	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
tasteless and	0
genre a bad name .	0
clear and reliable	1
devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy	1
conventional , but well-crafted	1
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
friendly kick	1
do n't have a clue on the park .	0
too overdone	0
loads of cgi and bushels of violence	0
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal	1
accumulated enjoyment	1
is a wonderful thing ;	1
original is its content , look , and style	1
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	0
the power of poetry and passion	1
eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
lovely , sad dance	1
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
has something interesting to say	1
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia	1
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
, awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
, cultivation and devotion	1
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
a rather tired	0
overplayed and exaggerated	0
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	1
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
you can release your pent up anger	1
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	0
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated	0
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
the film 's needlessly opaque intro	0
sentimentality and annoying	0
chilling movie	1
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
road movie , coming-of-age story and	1
racism and homophobia	0
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,	1
unbearable	0
is n't funny	0
control-alt-delete simone as quickly	0
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema	1
interestingly	1
an equally assured narrative coinage	1
the suckers	0
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
bigger , fatter heart	1
to perform	1
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	1
caper thrills	1
solid execution	1
completely awful	0
dialogue and sharp	1
less concerned with cultural and political issues	0
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic	0
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	1
'' is the operative word for `` bad company	0
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life	0
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
a fine job	1
technically proficient	1
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
cardboard characters and performers	0
deeper every time	1
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	1
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	1
is one of the greatest date movies in years	1
bloated effects	0
some sort of beacon of hope	1
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for	1
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes	0
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
does n't really add up to much .	0
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
is enough to give you brain strain	0
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay	0
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
re-voiced version	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless	0
's both charming and well	1
slap her	0
dynamic first act	1
are flat	0
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and	0
similarly styled gremlins	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	0
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	1
the rarest kinds	1
, what makes the movie fresh	1
to the point of ridiculousness	0
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters	1
so bland and utterly forgettable	0
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
genuine love story	1
stay for the credits	1
hollow at its emotional core	0
the filmmaker would disagree	0
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	0
more silly than scary	0
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
an amazing slapstick	1
manages sweetness largely without stickiness	1
actually pulling it off	1
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is	1
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
any art-house moviegoer	1
beautiful stars	1
good ideas	1
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside	1
coordinated	1
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if	1
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .	1
that assumes you are n't very bright	0
delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
romantic crime comedy	1
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama	1
could be a single iota worse ...	0
baked	1
impressed with its own solemn insights	1
hole-ridden	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
too long and unfocused	0
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
how far herzog has fallen	0
it reveals	1
deeply concerned with morality	1
wonderful	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	0
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency	0
slapdash mess	0
, entertaining comedy	1
reluctant	0
cinematic art	1
appeal to asian cult cinema fans	1
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life	1
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	0
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat	1
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	0
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
good looks	1
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
compelling , amusing and unsettling	1
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
masterfully calibrated	1
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
feels like three hours	0
a pretty good execution	1
in a class with spike lee 's masterful	1
very sincere work	1
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )	0
supernatural thriller	1
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains	1
is wickedly fun	1
entertaining comedy	1
rejected	0
are far more alienating than involving .	0
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,	1
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility	0
refuses to evaluate his own work	0
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
it irrigates our souls .	1
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	0
`` radical '' or `` suck ''	0
absorbing	1
is certainly easy to watch .	1
abyss	0
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	1
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	0
the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
either 11 times too many or else too few	0
is that it 's actually watchable	1
far superior film	1
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,	1
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
nifty	1
joyous celebration	1
edward burns ' best film	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be	1
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences	0
iranian drama	1
innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
master craftsmen	1
privileged moments and	1
so larger than life and	1
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug	0
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune	0
lacking in charm and charisma	0
gifted	1
amazement	1
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
one of the more influential works	1
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view	1
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	1
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
love , memory , history and	1
relatively flavorless	0
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side	0
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons	1
is simple but absorbing .	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic	1
a mature and frank fashion	1
cinematic intoxication	1
new york 's finest and	1
fanciful direction	1
made the first film so special	1
clever angle	1
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	0
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper	1
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
something fresh to say	1
, surrealistic moments	1
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
88-minute rip-off	0
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
appears not to have been edited at all	0
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	1
infuses it	1
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing )	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening	0
from the people laughing in the crowd	1
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )	0
excellent job	1
plenty of fun for all	1
truest sense	1
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
ill-wrought hypothesis	0
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	0
wannabe film --	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	1
no charm	0
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .	1
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	0
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
that resonate with profundity	1
i ca n't recommend it .	0
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
sewage	0
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
the stories are quietly moving .	1
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance	0
are wasted in it	0
funniest and	1
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
to the point of distraction	0
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	0
's because relatively nothing happens .	0
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing	1
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	1
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier	1
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well	0
a sensitive and astute	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm	1
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
uptight , middle class bores like antonia	0
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	0
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies	0
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
in world cinema	1
funny performers	1
gem	1
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation	0
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
worth a	1
of the best of the swashbucklers	1
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films	1
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater	0
child abuse	0
the intoxicating fumes and	1
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
as easy to be bored by as your abc 's	0
boisterous and utterly charming	1
look so bad in a major movie	0
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
to bodacious	1
seems more tacky and reprehensible	0
's well worth spending some time with	1
has been made with an enormous amount of affection	1
'' wanted and quite honestly	1
admirable	1
wildly overproduced ,	0
good and	1
cruel	0
did they not have the nerve to speak up	0
a skillful fisher	1
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
fake , dishonest	0
childlike dimness and	0
must have been lost in the translation .	0
makes	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and	0
damn unpleasant	0
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	0
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	1
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon	1
a bad run	0
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .	0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .	1
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	0
otherwise comic	1
deep as a petri dish	0
something of a public service	1
martha enormously endearing	1
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	0
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
polished	1
about the life	1
grows thin soon	0
there is precious little of either .	0
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,	0
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	0
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and	1
is capped with pointless extremes	0
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond	1
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine	1
lightly entertaining	1
it is definitely worth seeing .	1
are undeniably touched	1
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
's the sweet cinderella story	1
the most brilliant work	1
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
every faltering half-step of its development	0
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently	1
of her life with the imagery in her paintings	1
enough cool fun	1
is n't worth sitting through	0
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
a reasonably entertaining sequel	1
such high-wattage brainpower	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and	0
so second-rate	0
is n't particularly assaultive	0
listless sci-fi	0
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale	0
poignant and uplifting story	1
the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions	1
winning	1
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
, intelligent	1
has something to say	1
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
jersey lowbrow accent uma	0
a barf bag	0
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving	0
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	0
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
almost no organic intrigue	0
the film 's sopranos gags	0
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
, undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
good than great	1
at every opportunity to do something clever	1
wonderfully warm	1
is a truly , truly bad movie .	0
alive	1
equally great robin williams performance	1
more entertaining	1
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
bad premise	0
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	1
have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
down memory lane	1
squanders as much as it gives out .	0
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
has much to recommend it	1
the courage of its convictions and	1
watching these two actors play	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	1
a muddle	0
make for some robust and scary entertainment	1
foolish	0
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain	1
aimless , arduous , and	0
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression	1
'll feel as the credits roll	1
baroque beauty	1
saddest action hero performances	0
suits the script	1
making this character understandable ,	1
, unimaginative	0
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique	1
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	0
loves them to pieces	1
tendency to slip into hokum	0
its visual panache	1
on a group of extremely talented musicians	1
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	0
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	1
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but	0
angry and	0
the wake of saving private ryan	1
love this	1
endorses	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet	0
's sweet .	1
mostly fool 's gold	0
very talented	1
vacant	0
stands as one of the great films about movie love	1
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
this pathetic junk	0
nationwide blight	0
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease	1
, wide-smiling reception	1
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative	0
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism	1
string together enough charming moments to work	1
a riveting profile	1
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident	0
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .	1
in a fresh way	1
hubristic folly	0
could have been a daytime soap opera	0
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	1
strong themes of familial ties and	1
never cuts corners .	1
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
climax and , worst of all	0
contrived , unmotivated	0
crossing-over mumbo jumbo	0
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence	1
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	1
will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
digs into their very minds	1
the artificial structure	0
captures both the beauty of the land and the people	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,	1
alive and admirable	1
meandering , low on energy ,	0
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	0
, just for them	1
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	0
that powerhouse	1
of substance about a teacher	1
falling short as a whole	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	0
the hastily and amateurishly	0
richly detailed , deftly executed	1
war-weary marine	0
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
beautifully shot	1
limited chemistry	0
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
as bad as you think	0
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
in marriage	1
subzero version	0
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way	1
you have to pay if you want to see it	1
filmed directly from a television monitor	0
intoxicating documentary	1
its target audience talked all the way through it	0
few things in this world more complex --	1
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
such good humor	1
being insightful	1
fresh air now and then	1
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right	1
is nicely	1
an ingenious and often harrowing	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	1
the best brush	1
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
us love it , too .	1
the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough	1
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places	0
its luckiest viewers	1
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
flat characters	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum	1
complex characters	1
mediocre one	0
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions	1
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,	1
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
fiercely intelligent	1
group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
a stylistic	1
a lame romantic comedy	0
but it was n't horrible either .	1
by storm	1
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
the requisite faux-urban vibe and	0
same old story	0
his lack	0
except it 's much , much better .	1
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death	0
are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
whole thing	1
gives everyone something to shout about .	1
more coming-of-age stories	1
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories	1
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while	1
impressive talent	1
the fantastic and	1
collapses like an overcooked soufflé	0
dazzling pop entertainment	1
motivated	1
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
silly-looking morlocks	0
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
an ill-conceived	0
a stultifyingly obvious one	0
a surprisingly funny movie .	1
his outstanding performance	1
of demme 's good films	1
without oppressive	1
mostly fool 's	0
abuse	0
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
are neither original	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing	1
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic ,	1
face arrest 15 years after their crime	0
oo many of these gross	0
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments	1
an authentic feel	1
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out	0
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art	1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	0
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images	1
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	1
sly , sophisticated and surprising	1
heart or conservative	1
director claude chabrol	1
, i hate it .	0
fast-moving and	1
stinks from start	0
's actually sort of amazing	1
beautiful food entrée	1
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
mundane	0
low-brow	0
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --	0
of dramatic fireworks	1
, sprightly spin	1
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm	1
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	1
in a stunning fusion of music and images	1
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
a monumental achievement	1
makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
the movie is well done , but slow .	0
to guilt-trip parents	0
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
gets old quickly .	0
the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
spotty	0
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
, really good	1
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
running off	0
so real	1
grade	1
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	0
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
funny and touching film	1
might describe as a castrated	0
riveting profile	1
real contenders	1
is more accurate than anything	1
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood	1
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
because it made him feel powerful	1
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
beguiling	1
mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
liked it	1
spontaneous intimacy	1
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction	1
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	1
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
barely tolerable slog	0
crushing disappointment	0
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy ,	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well	0
smart jokes	1
needed	1
promises a new kind of high	1
breezy blend	1
her passionate , tumultuous affair	1
it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
unaware	0
share	1
of the best since the last waltz	1
all the best possible ways	1
improves upon the original hit movie	1
seems to be coasting .	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched	1
tedious	0
even the hastily and amateurishly	0
feel-good sentiments	1
rollicking dark humor	1
a new treasure	1
the old saying goes , because it 's true	1
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
drug abuse , infidelity and	0
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	0
that proceeds	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	1
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
choreographed	1
's no energy	0
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
insultingly inept and artificial	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch	0
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	1
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
creative contributions	1
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
fustily tasteful	1
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side	0
plain lurid	0
that reaches across time and distance	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,	0
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc	0
back with the astonishing revelation	1
children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,	1
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going	0
a good natured warning	1
on both sides it falls short	0
the general 's	1
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
loved the look of this film .	1
ill at ease sharing the same scene	0
for on-screen chemistry	1
a lost ideal	0
may be the performances of their careers	1
done with noticeably less energy and imagination	0
bratty for sympathy	0
ideas and special-interest groups	1
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
every suspenseful cliché in the book	0
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film	0
was utterly charming	1
's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
icky	0
whatever fills time --	0
devolves into a laugh-free lecture	0
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	1
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
a big-budget/all-star movie	1
as well its delightful cast	1
lowbrow	0
she is a lioness ,	1
enlightening , insightful and entertaining	1
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
should see this movie	1
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg	0
is still quite good-natured and	1
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	0
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	0
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	0
touched	1
dirty	0
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and	0
a beautiful film to watch	1
difficult , endless	0
clichés	0
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it	0
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick	0
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and	0
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken	1
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs	0
a breezy blend	1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
yong kang	1
first-timer	1
into your heart	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,	1
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
inventing	1
far more demanding than it needs to be	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	1
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
overwhelmingly	1
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
refreshingly natural	1
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
a summer of good stuff	1
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie	1
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
are your cup of blood	1
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	1
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge	0
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans )	1
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is	0
well-made pizza	1
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
get your money back	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love ,	1
that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	1
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
a guarantee	1
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .	0
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
as bad at it is cruel	0
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears	0
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
bucked the odds	1
pummel us with phony imagery or music	0
is sympathetic without being gullible	1
the sheer ugliness of everything else	0
, discerning taste	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment	1
a cold blanket	0
to do a little fleeing of its own	0
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
if it had just gone that one step further	0
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
fairly solid -- not to mention	1
painfully bad	0
even that 's too committed .	0
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	0
mugs mercilessly	0
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
poo-poo jokes	0
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,	1
a measure of faith in the future	1
refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man	0
juvenile delinquent	0
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special	0
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
are poorly delivered	0
was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
climactic burst	1
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
cool visual backmasking )	1
a portrait of two strong men in conflict	1
would stoop so low	0
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
most impressive	1
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism	1
like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !	1
blockbusters	1
plotless	0
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
overcooked , ham-fisted direction	0
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant	0
worthy and	1
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos	1
the delicious trimmings ...	1
spirited	1
awful complications	0
overcome his personal obstacles and	1
more complex and honest	1
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom	1
of last summer 's bloated effects	0
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
strong and convincing	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title	0
none-too-funny	0
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
poor editing ,	0
effortless performance	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,	1
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening	1
crowdpleaser	1
narrative banality	0
86 minutes too long	0
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
genuine dramatic impact	1
a searing lead performance	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
slurs	0
a pathetically	0
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
retread story	0
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony	1
and engaging examination	1
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value	1
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but	1
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	0
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .	1
colorful world	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny	0
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler	1
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious	0
soulless	0
reek of a script	0
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	1
very well-meaning movie ,	1
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
original and highly cerebral	1
a sexy slip of an earth mother	1
who is too crazy to be interesting	0
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk	1
visually engrossing	1
involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
colorful	1
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,	1
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful	1
tepid and choppy recycling	0
haunting tale	1
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential	0
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
it is a whole lot of fun and	1
all the more compelling	1
, really stupid	0
glamorous	1
gorgeous film	1
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short	0
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world	1
imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,	0
is masterful	1
sullivan and his son	1
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh	1
, the more you will probably like it .	1
90-minute postmodern voyage	1
cast in impossibly contrived situations	0
disgracefully written dialogue	0
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy	0
hilariously , gloriously alive ,	1
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
force you to scratch a hole in your head	0
feel absolutely earned	1
a decent-enough nail-biter	1
own quirky hipness	1
a fascinating curiosity piece --	1
scare	0
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,	1
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	0
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
given this movie a rating of zero	0
from being a total rehash	0
cliches and pabulum	0
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past	0
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
fabricated	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	0
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
preachy and	0
the way home	1
sillier , cuter	1
exhilarating	1
fresh and absorbing	1
kind	1
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
disappointment coming	0
proper respect	1
those words	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks	1
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
trying to create something original	1
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
none of them memorable	0
go down with a ship as leaky as this	0
that 's enough to sustain laughs	1
bloated plot	0
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking	1
exaggerated and	0
an undeniably moving film to experience , and	1
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out	0
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
enthusiasm ,	1
their lack of chemistry	0
unoriginal run	0
has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
the rare sequel	1
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	0
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better	1
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
aging sandeman	0
morbid	0
of the bad reviews	0
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
candid	1
staggered from the theater	0
prevails	1
's horribly depressing and not very well done .	0
story to show us why it 's compelling	1
remarkable performances	1
's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
america 's thirst for violence	0
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean	0
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest	0
that the talented cast generally	1
effects that are more silly than scary	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious	1
` gentle '	1
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	0
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
either 11 times too many or else	0
of pure movie	1
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
is perfectly creepy and believable	1
serious contender	1
it is flawed	0
, the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
for nice evening out	1
hard-sell image-mongering	0
a small movie with a big impact .	1
rambles	0
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
a torrent of emotion	1
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here	1
inspiration	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
sometimes beautiful	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	1
strike a chord	1
more confused	0
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation	1
hearts	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and	0
ended so damned	0
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	1
clearly evident quality	1
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy	1
a lovely film for the holiday season .	1
genuinely inspirational	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,	0
benefits from serendipity but	1
dumb , narratively chaotic	0
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but	1
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,	0
it lacks in outright newness	0
there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
crude film	0
few movies have ever approached	1
is all over the place , really	0
an all-time low	0
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
the limited chemistry	0
of love and humility	1
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line	0
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	1
ambitious	1
a talent	1
visually stunning rumination	1
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat	1
piercing and feisty	1
dinner guest	1
wit and hoopla	1
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope	1
energy and wit to entertain all ages	1
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
subtlety and warmth	1
soothe and break	1
pretty tattered	0
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you	0
crisp framing	1
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...	1
be lulled into a coma	0
started with a great premise	1
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
but utterly delightful .	1
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film	1
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars	0
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''	1
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	0
shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
impeccable throughout	1
would n't have the guts to make .	0
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet	0
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
makes the movie fresh	1
flawed and	0
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	0
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism	1
irresistible , languid romanticism	1
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl	1
from the dullest science fiction	0
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making	0
german jewish refugees	0
noticeably less energy and imagination	0
funniest and most likeable movie in years	1
embarrassingly ham-fisted	0
some savvy street activism	1
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy	1
... a solid , well-formed satire .	1
made on the cheap	0
capable	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,	0
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist	0
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	0
-- and it is n't that funny .	0
leaving the theater	0
bogs down in genre cliches here .	0
execution and skill	1
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller	0
completely enlightening	1
but no sense of pride or shame	0
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed	0
smarter than your average bond	1
, provocative	1
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	0
cinema fans	1
just unlikable .	0
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	1
that scalds like acid	0
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
enjoy it	1
delectable	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,	1
artificial	0
absurd finale	0
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout	1
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
stubbornly refused to gel	0
as well-written as sexy beast	1
skillfully	1
of deep feeling	1
arnold is not , nor will he be , back	0
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout	1
overwrought	0
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office	0
unlikable , uninteresting ,	0
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed	1
fun and funky look	1
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****	0
tailor-made	1
a predictable connect-the-dots course	0
takes care	1
sounding	1
too crazy	0
of the guru who helped	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
tired old vision	0
revelatory	1
a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
more abhorrent	0
a stirring visual sequence	1
it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
a barrie good time	1
truly awful	0
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
as a classic movie franchise	1
one of the finest films of the year	1
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
this stinker	0
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and	1
watch the film	1
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )	1
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
almost unbearably morbid	0
vibrant and	1
indie of the year ,	1
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy	1
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
summer entertainment	1
a worldly-wise and very funny script	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...	1
suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
dark , gritty , sometimes funny	1
of visual and verbal clichés	0
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided	0
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
little action , almost	0
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	1
good music	1
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	1
graduated	1
, dumb action movie	0
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
important and exhilarating	1
a gorgeous film	1
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	0
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
nasty aftertaste but	0
compellingly	1
during that final , beautiful scene	1
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
dreary tract	0
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	0
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	0
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
, the movie is in a class by itself	1
good laughs	1
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story	0
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	0
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors	1
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game	0
moving documentary	1
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
well done	1
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
above-average	1
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
big excuse	0
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
the biggest disappointments of the year	0
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
content and narrative strength	1
unstinting	0
simplistic and more than a little pretentious	0
a major director	1
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
a hallmark film	1
the formula feel fresh	1
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents	0
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and	0
the power of strong voices	1
annoying orgy	0
what results is the best performance from either in years .	1
complete lack	0
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm	1
the fun of toy story 2	1
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
appreciation	1
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
to one of demme 's good films	1
superficial .	0
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release	1
dullingly repetitive	0
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	0
lacks the detail of the book	0
silly and tedious	0
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre	0
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female	0
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death	1
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film	1
why it works	1
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
's always fun to watch	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark	0
suspense , surprise and	1
so distant	0
a way that verges on the amateurish	0
energy and imagination	1
poverty	0
lightweight filmmaking	0
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break	0
once in a while a film	1
the universal theme	1
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop	1
suited neither to kids or adults	0
compassion , sacrifice ,	1
is fantastic .	1
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
through dahmer 's two hours	0
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
in perfect balance	1
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
most exciting action films	1
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book	0
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone	1
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later	1
, surprising romance	1
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy	0
a mesmerizing one	1
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	1
does not make for much of a movie	0
of an especially well-executed television movie	1
been slimed in the name of high art	0
are actually fascinating	1
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	0
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
searing performances	1
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
a scummy ripoff	0
elegant and	1
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and	0
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness	0
a bitter taste	0
worst thing	0
to blow it	0
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	0
the story goes nowhere	0
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff	0
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game	0
makes up for in heart .	1
, folks , it does n't work .	0
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
most savagely hilarious social critics	1
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
` refreshing	1
funnybone	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con	1
supposed to be a romantic comedy	0
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill	1
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
flows as naturally	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to --	0
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety	0
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
masterpiece .	1
indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	0
a nice album	1
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
bully	0
have been lost in the translation this time	0
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
one of its strengths	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	0
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	1
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation	1
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
chilling advantage	1
our dismay	0
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago	0
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
emotional and moral	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end	1
lame kiddie flick	0
filling	1
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way	0
at least a few good ideas and	1
a psycho	0
poor quality	0
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces	1
make this an eminently engrossing film	1
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,	1
most touching movie	1
knows its classical music	1
a good time with this one too	1
forced drama	0
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw	0
hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
with great help from kevin kline	1
colorful	1
second helpings	1
pays off and	1
her film	1
a spectator	1
numbing experience to watch	0
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified	1
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look	1
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms	1
, dark beauty	1
mature and frank fashion	1
a fresh point of view	1
elegant , mannered and teasing	1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )	0
plays like a bad soap opera ,	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school	0
delivers a surprising	1
's in danger of going wrong	0
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
bravery and integrity	1
a stable-full of solid performances	1
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
, it finds a nice rhythm .	1
a love story as sanguine as its title	1
husband-and-wife disaster	0
a flat script	0
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri	0
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
festival	1
a fascinating film	1
is its utter sincerity	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
see this piece of crap again	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood	1
its one-sidedness	0
be good	1
weak and	0
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
make the attraction a movie	1
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
intriguing bit	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics	1
her cheery and tranquil suburban life	1
his most sparkling	1
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
the characters move with grace and panache	1
more than their unique residences	1
convince us of that all on their own	1
an excellent choice	1
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
one of those so-so films that could have been much better	0
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	0
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	1
breaks your heart	1
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	1
informative ,	1
is visually dazzling	1
pathetic idea	0
poking their genitals into fruit pies	0
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin	1
cold , pretentious ,	0
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	1
once amusing	0
is a step down for director gary fleder	0
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
crash-and-bash	0
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates	0
its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
ill-advised and poorly	0
assured	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	0
clumsy dialogue	0
consumed and forgotten	0
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
the value and respect	1
japanese epic	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do	1
to a satisfying destination	1
real poignancy	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	1
something to behold	1
anger and	0
's too long	0
do n't care to understand	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record	1
poignant and uplifting	1
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake	1
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	1
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force	1
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
more revealing , more emotional and	1
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
wonderous accomplishment	1
one of the worst films of 2002 .	0
from the brave , uninhibited performances	1
the surprise ending is revealed	1
earnest moment	1
plain bad	0
has never been more charming than in about a boy	1
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
wasted potential	0
underdone	0
greater	1
substandard performances	0
, flat drama	0
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
poetic road movie	1
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	1
tawdry trash	0
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time	0
is completely	1
come to care about the main characters	1
brisk	1
killer	0
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment	1
historic	1
i do n't see the point	0
definitely worth 95 minutes	1
terrorist attacks	0
natural , even-flowing tone	1
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
that it 's impossible to care	0
rambling and incoherent	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	0
flashy	1
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and	0
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
harsh reality	0
misguided project	0
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
doltish	0
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path	1
pompous and garbled	0
artwork	1
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it	0
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows	0
win	1
fascinating look	1
is really , really stupid .	0
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers	1
leaden script	0
hit that may strain adult credibility .	0
is grotesque and boring	0
well-put-together piece	1
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
historically significant , and personal	1
on the premise	1
the predictability of bland comfort food	0
gon na like this movie	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	1
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack	0
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular	1
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
a grating , emaciated flick	0
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses	0
happily	1
this one gets off with a good natured warning	1
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	0
be bad	0
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable	0
your disgust and your indifference	0
is a depressing experience	0
one of the funnier movies in town	1
a faster paced family flick .	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	1
family	1
a breakthrough	1
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
a welcome , if downbeat , missive	1
leave a large dog alone	0
real magic	1
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
a bloated plot	0
exciting documentary .	1
most devastating	0
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture	1
a raise	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	0
ya-ya 's	1
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	0
will enjoy it	1
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
you feel what they feel	1
an engaging mystery	1
that 's because relatively nothing happens .	0
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story ''	0
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
the most memorable moment	1
in a thriller , and the performances	1
a classic fairy tale	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin	0
bad day	0
wiseman 's warmest	1
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
must be a serious contender for the title	1
interplay and utter lack	0
a huge sacrifice of character and mood	0
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot	0
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
, implausible	0
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
can get on television for free	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him	1
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective	1
shooting itself in the foot	0
amazing slapstick	1
disappointingly	0
not smart and not engaging	0
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and	0
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker	1
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
this exciting new filmmaker	1
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
bad movies	0
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	0
too simple and	0
substantial depth	1
, and even touching	1
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs	0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	0
far more witty	1
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
`` abandon ''	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and	1
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel	1
redemption	1
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal	1
master class .	1
like a cold old man going through the motions .	0
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid	0
everything that 's good	1
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
his film crackles	1
brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
intricately	1
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about	0
counts heart as important as humor	1
slightly less successful than the first	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	1
epics	1
get out your pooper-scoopers .	0
you love the music , and i do	1
visually compelling	1
viewers out in the cold and	0
very , very good	1
breathless anticipation	1
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	1
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest	1
enhances the personal touch of manual animation	1
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --	1
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	1
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
brought down by lousy direction .	0
, funny	1
make for great cinema	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but	0
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
laugh-out-loud	1
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
wonderful subject	1
goodness	1
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
, very good	1
given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
bad film you thought was going to be really awful	0
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,	1
fresh again	1
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
classic satire	1
elegant wit and artifice	1
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
without ever being self-important	1
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material	1
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
, it 's not very good either .	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	1
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
sterile	0
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue	0
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	0
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale	0
the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	0
polished and vastly entertaining	1
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,	0
( vainly , i think )	0
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	1
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
those crass , contrived sequels	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
through recklessness and retaliation	0
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	0
a matinee price	1
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
many pleasures	1
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting	1
does n't transcend genre	0
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front	1
the funniest jokes of any movie	1
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	0
has already reached its expiration date	0
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
a lovely film ...	1
sam mendes	1
family-friendly comedy	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and	1
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	1
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction	1
no amount of imagination , no creature	0
of astonishing grandeur	1
could have been crisper and punchier ,	0
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up	0
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure	1
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	0
is less successful on other levels	0
of fun or energy	1
's hard to resist his enthusiasm	1
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	1
to give you brain strain	0
ripoff	0
the brilliant performances	1
of an authentic feel	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	0
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	0
its sweet time	1
sentimental script	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	0
enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	1
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond	1
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	0
has had a successful career in tv	1
out of a cellular phone commercial	0
is an uneven film for the most part	0
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way	1
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest	1
best achievements	1
with a single	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor	1
bring out joys in our lives	1
technically	1
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	0
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )	0
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression	0
of tradition and warmth	1
toothless	0
is repulsive and depressing .	0
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938	0
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
hole-ridden plotting	0
has a spirit that can not be denied	1
fun with it	1
you 'll know a star when you see one .	1
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	0
good cast	1
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet	1
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
, at times sublime ,	1
many flaws	0
a huge amount of the credit for the film	1
low , very low ,	0
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film	1
integrity	1
's a pale imitation .	0
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
the small moments	1
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;	0
of the oscar wilde play	1
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
a tour de force of modern cinema	1
that just does n't have big screen magic	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	0
a little fleeing of its own	0
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
warm , inviting , and	1
more psychotic than romantic	0
wryly amusing	1
a bracing	1
without thrills and a mystery devoid	0
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	1
bloody	0
features a standout performance	1
takes every potential laugh and	1
obscenely bad	0
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
all the stronger	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and ,	0
, emotionally honest	1
gets added disdain for the fact	0
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	0
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	1
` perfection	1
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure	0
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded	1
it 's definitely worth taking a look	1
drudgery .	0
some phenomenal performances	1
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
who unfortunately works with a two star script	0
the better of obnoxious adults	0
cheap-shot	0
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	1
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry	1
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
that 's superficial and unrealized	0
the horror	0
, the plot 's saccharine thrust	0
just two	1
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
wildly uneven movie	0
this every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters	1
imax trip	1
, save your disgust and your indifference	0
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering	0
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	1
inexpressive	0
relentlessly folksy	0
best animated	1
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage	0
tacky nonsense	0
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
turbulent self-discovery	1
creative act	1
organic	1
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
of sharp writing	1
a glib but bouncy bit	1
flavors and emotions	1
vicious and	0
the week blown up for the big screen	0
exceptionally good	1
the best next generation episodes	1
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	0
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet	1
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	0
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and	1
revitalize	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .	0
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places	0
my eyelids ... getting	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one	1
reasonably entertaining sequel	1
soderbergh 's best films ,	1
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
is that its own action is n't very effective .	0
star	1
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos .	1
be careful what you wish for ''	0
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
an acidic all-male all about eve	0
ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	0
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	1
too loud , too goofy and too short	0
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
standard slasher flick	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family	1
shamelessly manipulative	0
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but	0
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet	1
one of the best movies of the year .	1
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	1
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
that stands a good chance of being the big	1
absurdist wit	1
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
amours	1
mighty	1
fun to watch	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	1
aimlessly and unsuccessfully	0
a groundbreaking endeavor	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
its funny , moving yarn	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real	1
a career-defining revelation	1
can usually be traced back to the little things	1
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through	0
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	0
astonishingly skillful and moving ...	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .	0
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
its seriousness and quality	1
tediously exasperating	0
build a feel-good fantasy	1
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby	1
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
an irrepressible passion	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds	1
the acting is just fine ,	1
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
less enjoyable	0
new benchmark	1
for all its brilliant touches	1
's self-defeatingly decorous	0
into an excruciating film	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .	0
if it were n't silly	0
hollow	0
, unmemorable filler .	0
is both contrived and cliched	0
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly	1
to be more complex than your average film	1
one hour photo lives down to its title .	0
soul-searching garbage .	0
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck	1
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	0
reassuring	1
poise	1
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
vibrant and intoxicating	1
the city 's old-world charm	1
have been the ultimate imax trip	1
gets bogged down over 140 minutes	0
tremendously moving	1
not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
stop-and-start pacing	0
, the humor dwindles .	0
other than the very sluggish pace )	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric	0
older and wiser eyes ,	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and	0
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
moderately successful	1
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	1
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
is icily brilliant .	1
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
better than any summer blockbuster	1
carvey 's considerable talents	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension	0
heartwarming	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances	1
emptiness and maddeningly	0
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze	1
, and dramatically moving	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise	0
high-octane	1
relegated	0
a backstage must-see	1
educates	1
exquisitely	1
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once	0
is way too indulgent	0
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
is the piece works brilliantly .	1
simpering soundtrack	0
a coma-like state	0
gorgeousness	1
most awful acts	0
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	0
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay	0
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .	0
so perfect for a ballplayer	1
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	1
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
the ideal casting	1
that keeps you	1
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
of a well-made pizza	1
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters	0
be consumed and forgotten	0
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
an extraordinary poignancy ,	1
a kiss	1
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
films crammed with movie references	0
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
into the `` a '' range , as is	1
refreshed	1
draws us in	1
that is both gripping and compelling	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety	1
is so deadly dull	0
comedy to start a reaction	1
grab you	1
as the direction is intelligently accomplished	1
a really solid woody allen film	1
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material	0
an awkwardly garish showcase	0
spirit is a visual treat ,	1
-- being real --	1
academy award	1
pleasingly upbeat	1
careless and	0
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be	0
with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
less-is-more	0
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	1
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	0
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction	1
novels to the big screen	1
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure	1
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
have a good time here	1
backed by sheer nerve	1
unholy hokum .	0
may not be an important movie , or even a good one	0
feel genuinely good	1
sweet , funny , charming , and	1
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	1
jackass is a vulgar and	0
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud ,	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
special fishy community	1
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
without passion or politics	0
cute moments	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...	0
a good music documentary ,	1
full of surprises .	1
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses	0
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
an enjoyable	1
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry	1
high note	1
by bad luck and their own immaturity	0
cringe	0
adventure and song	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental	1
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	0
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
transcends ethnic lines	1
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
snooze .	0
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful	0
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
a ragbag of cliches	0
then ends with a whimper	0
maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
superfluous sequel	0
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
believe it or	1
surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
driven by a natural sense for what works	1
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say	0
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies	1
farcically	0
entertains	1
a black hole	0
winning shot	1
guiding lights	1
not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
-- ever so gracefully --	1
a good yarn	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ;	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
is terrific	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and	0
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past ,	1
and not in a good way	0
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
juicy writer	1
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	0
-- she 's pretty and she can act --	1
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair	1
stunt-hungry dimwits	0
that rare movie	1
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious	1
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
preposterous moments	0
both inspiring and pure joy	1
own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
good , dry , reliable textbook	1
miracle of miracles , the movie	1
adequately fills the eyes	1
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ...	0
great team	1
direct hit	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ...	1
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
bittersweet camaraderie and history	1
clumsiness	0
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder	1
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
its effectiveness	1
an aimless hodgepodge	0
is not it	0
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written	1
solid , satisfying	1
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
is too short	0
artless	0
rather brilliant	1
an imitation movie	0
rate annie	1
a strong and unforced supporting cast	1
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,	1
inject some real vitality and even art	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well	1
would sink laurence olivier	0
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	0
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals	1
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
that it 's the butt of its own joke	0
has value can not be denied .	1
gushing --	1
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute	0
fails to provoke them	0
ignore the film	0
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	1
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real --	0
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	0
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,	1
something for everyone	1
grinning	1
an undeniably moving film	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe	0
yet unforgivingly inconsistent	0
definitely gives you something to chew on	1
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
stupid	0
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	1
clever makeup design	1
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	1
his fake backdrops	0
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
generate a lot of energy	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast	1
is still very much worth	1
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
unerring respect	1
an intriguing species of artifice	1
unimaginative	0
is a superior horror flick	1
prettiest pictures	1
intriguing	1
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
so vivid	1
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
it aims so low	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
totally unnecessary prologue	0
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
a satisfying destination	1
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	0
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half	0
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
to gravity and plummets	0
logic and misuse	0
like a side dish no one ordered	0
ecstasy	1
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	1
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) .	0
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy	0
anti-semitism and neo-fascism	0
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	0
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	0
bracing	1
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional ,	0
the script 's endless assault	0
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
grating and tedious	0
sillier , cuter , and	1
does seem pretty unbelievable at times	0
dreamy and evocative	1
the computer and	1
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
inadequately motivated	0
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity	1
sodden	0
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived	1
have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
the weak payoff	0
bland	0
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	0
families and church meetings	1
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
a smile	1
to the bitter end	0
works superbly here	1
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either	0
the superior plotline	1
lavish formalism	1
an exhilarating	1
cutting impressions	1
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,	1
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency	0
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory	1
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
strong piece of work	1
derived from a lobotomy	0
bad movie .	0
with energy and innovation	1
done that ... a thousand times	0
manically generous	1
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
a fiercely clever and subtle film ,	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
the trifecta of badness	0
are an absolute joy	1
you wish had been developed with more care	0
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in	1
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
with grace and humor and gradually	1
a long , dull procession of despair ,	0
mush	0
enduring strengths	1
wedding	1
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
too narrow to attract crossover viewers	0
of saucy	1
long on glamour	1
blind , crippled , amish people	0
treasured	1
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or	0
hurts to watch	0
has a monopoly on mindless action	0
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
extreme action-packed film	1
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
hollowness	0
me grinning	1
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
sixties ' rockumentary milestones	1
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	0
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
pleasant but not	1
archly funny	1
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special	0
alfred hitchcock 's	1
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	0
with passion	1
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	0
hard to resist .	1
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare	0
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	0
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
listless	0
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
do n't see often enough these days	1
absurd plot twists ,	0
of an already obscure demographic	0
without any of its satirical	0
poor editing , bad bluescreen	0
the plot ` surprises	1
an already obscure demographic	0
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
intimate contemplation	1
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings	1
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness	1
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
` realistic '	1
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
to learn , to grow	1
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and	0
intelligence and originality	1
succeeds mainly	1
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	1
to light	1
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
the bad reviews	0
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster	1
much of it is funny	1
allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
is interminable	0
very real and amusing give-and-take	1
a calm , self-assured portrait	1
some kid who ca n't act , only	0
fires the winning shot	1
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies	1
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
seem fresh again	1
played-out idea	0
such a well loved classic	1
hopeless	0
well integrated	1
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
lived in a state of quiet desperation	0
's both charming and well acted	1
often funny way	1
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm	1
extraordinary faith	1
a moving story	1
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --	0
intelligent high school	1
astounding performance	1
errors	0
imaginative kid 's movie	1
vibrance and warmth	1
has a great cast and a great idea .	1
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	1
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	1
oddly humorous	1
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick	0
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's	0
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
as a hole in the head	0
not to have been edited at all	0
the upscale lifestyle	1
a wonderful , ghastly film .	1
too fast	0
a historically significant , and personal , episode	1
gay and lesbian children	0
comedic	1
solid performances	1
as endearing and easy	1
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives	0
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way	0
thoughtful and unflinching	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks	1
that it 's inauthentic at its core	0
lacked any	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad ,	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
very effective	1
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river	0
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,	0
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
to the power of women to heal	1
turn away from one	0
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
, then by all means check it out .	1
that 's a liability .	0
charming ,	1
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world	1
good stuff	1
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
think of this dog of a movie	0
`` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
is hilarious	1
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
of the qualities that made the first film so special	1
these two literary figures , and even the times	1
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull	0
dramatic nor	0
scenes all end in someone screaming .	0
smart comedy	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
his promise	1
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains	1
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits	1
fiend	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz	0
its courage , ideas ,	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and	0
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend	1
uneven action comedy	0
atypically hypnotic approach	1
by a self-indulgent script	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema ,	0
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream	0
its uncanny tale	1
a sucker	0
entirely witless and inane	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun	1
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye	1
the opulent lushness of every scene	1
considerable charm	1
a breadth of vision	1
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess	0
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
like an all-star salute	1
richly detailed ,	1
traditionally structured	1
ultimately empty	0
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
interesting	1
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	0
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye	0
little more than routine	0
missing a beat	0
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
cram too many ingredients	0
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better	0
are worse	0
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	0
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
more than people	1
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role	1
a bit anachronistic	0
... visually striking and slickly staged	1
do a load of good	1
of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still	0
suspense , intriguing characters	1
is clever and funny ,	1
in this romantic comedy	1
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough	1
that is wickedly fun to watch	1
self-conscious but often hilarious	1
it 's just grating	0
the success of undercover brother	1
solid filmmaking	1
no character	0
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
crafted ,	1
the material	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it	1
much of a plunge	0
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but	0
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
a good line	1
his excellent cast	1
it happens to flat characters	0
the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	1
, charming	1
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
fun and nimble .	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	1
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	1
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense --	1
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	0
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music	1
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
scenes of cinematic perfection	1
well-formed satire	1
subtle	1
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels	1
with aplomb	1
chafing	0
unattractive or odorous	0
life-affirming	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	1
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
what an embarrassment .	0
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	0
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
grows on you	1
monotony	0
poignant and delicately complex .	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker	1
music fans	1
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
fascinating little tale	1
intense and effective film	1
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
cranky	0
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	0
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	0
slopped `	0
an invaluable record	1
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
does n't make any sense	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich	1
thoroughly awful movie	0
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
minor-league	0
, you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
poetry	1
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
, beloved genres	1
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
favorably	1
pitiful , slapdash disaster .	0
in reverse	1
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
love this movie	1
's a bargain-basement european pickup	0
is as bad at it is cruel	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	0
, ponderous and charmless	0
a moratorium , effective immediately ,	0
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure	1
one-sided documentary	0
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots	0
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
clichés , depression and bad alternative music	0
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema	0
first scene	1
bogus	0
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and	1
very capable	1
been worth caring about	1
feels like very light errol morris	1
you 'll cheer .	1
seeing something purer than the real thing	1
saddled	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and	1
a calculating fiend or	0
rehashes	0
very compelling tale	1
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .	1
hell-jaunt	0
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	0
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	0
reasonably good	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	0
night out	1
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	0
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time	1
they have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
is always welcome .	1
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	1
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
the brilliant performances by testud	1
a strong pulse	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	0
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	0
technical triumph	1
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser	0
more strongly to storytelling	1
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
really adorable italian guys .	1
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master	0
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and	1
fun family fare	1
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
a winning , heartwarming yarn	1
no explanation or even	0
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
the most oddly honest hollywood document	1
inimitable	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally	1
an underachiever ,	0
to look at or understand	1
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
so sloppy	0
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises	0
a ) soulless	0
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	1
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
the subtitles fool you	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie	0
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
nothing else happening	0
its mean-spirited second half	0
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned	1
into the sort of heartache everyone	0
best-sustained	1
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
proves to be a compelling	1
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene	1
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	1
figures prominently in this movie ,	1
, biting and witty feature	1
it will warm your heart ,	1
setting off	1
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
polished and vastly entertaining caper	1
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity	0
true impact	1
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
that already knows it 's won	1
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
exuberant	1
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
precision	1
misfiring	0
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
more watchable	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	1
inconceivable	0
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored	0
could have been much stronger	0
are fantasti	1
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	0
's something there	1
sealed with a kiss	1
too much obvious padding	0
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness	1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	0
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
a screenplay to die for	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture	1
thoroughly enjoyable	1
these ambitions , laudable in themselves	1
has nothing	0
shiner	1
admirable energy ,	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot	0
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	1
ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
an entertaining documentary	1
engaging mix	1
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
astonish and entertain	1
top japanese animations	1
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own	0
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying	1
comic skill	1
as a call for pity and sympathy	0
to think about the ways we consume pop culture	1
dumb fart	0
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
unshapely	0
sanctimonious	0
a nice coffee table book	1
that you root for throughout	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933	1
is kinda wrong in places	0
'd rather watch them on the animal planet	0
be able to look away for a second	1
is so charmless and vacant	0
utter loss	0
an even less capable trio of criminals	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer	0
, the movie is a disaster .	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita ''	0
look like cheap hysterics	0
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
enjoy the movie	1
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution	1
the audience award	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and	0
essentially awkward version	0
right film	1
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies	1
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
most humane and important holocaust movies	1
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff	0
a genre-curling crime story	1
remain an unchanged dullard	0
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
contemptible imitator	0
pays off ,	1
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
is the far superior film	1
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .	0
does n't deliver a great story , nor	0
hell-bent	0
sweet , funny , charming ,	1
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,	0
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
called the best korean film of 2002	1
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you	0
pale script	0
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments	1
who is chasing who	1
good little movie	1
the cinematography is atrocious	0
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,	0
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films	1
boring movie	0
in remembrance	1
flat as thinking man	0
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison	1
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
fondness	1
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
attract and sustain an older crowd	1
elegant , witty and beneath	1
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen	1
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
ideas and wry comic mayhem	1
dense	0
a laugh between them	1
the slack complacency	0
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	1
of this emotional car-wreck	0
in which most of the characters forget their lines	0
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
emphasizing	1
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
to savor binoche 's skill	1
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
this 90-minute dud	0
hideously	0
be consigned to the dustbin of history	0
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --	0
lifelong concern	1
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	1
lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect	1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
, the humor wry and sprightly	1
in too many conflicts	0
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	0
the creative animation work	1
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations	0
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance --	0
despair and	0
too amateurish and	0
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution	1
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
adventure story and history lesson	1
without any passion	0
good-natured fun	1
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
listless and desultory	0
be based on a true and historically significant story	1
sharp as a samurai sword	1
a tragic dimension and	0
best and	1
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
starving and untalented	0
terrific to read about	1
edgy thriller	1
it 's good enough to be the purr	1
psychological case study	1
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that	1
for a barf bag	0
is too heady for children , and too preachy	0
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny	1
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	1
is really all about performances	1
whiny and	0
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes	1
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
humor wry	1
boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	1
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue	0
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3	0
a sensitive , cultivated treatment	1
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains	1
hard to resist	1
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one	0
touching , raucously amusing	1
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
alert , if not	1
, frida gets the job done .	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...	0
stuffy and	0
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition	1
an act of spiritual faith	1
in 1958 brooklyn	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and	0
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake	0
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories	1
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity	0
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
, sweet and romantic	1
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	0
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring	1
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	1
pretty damned funny	1
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
needlessly opaque intro	0
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
however , it 's invaluable	1
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief	1
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
that is the central flaw of the film	0
irrational , long-suffering but cruel	0
its writer-director 's	1
, a ripping good yarn is told .	1
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody	1
that steal your heart away	1
humanism	1
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family	0
just a kiss is a just a waste .	0
charismatic charmer	1
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie	1
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés	0
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
addition to being very funny	1
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license	0
being memorable	1
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
cool gadgets and creatures	1
everlasting	1
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
with false starts	0
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and	1
thanks to great performances	1
no surprises .	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events	1
brings us another masterpiece	1
most fascinating stories	1
be a single iota worse	0
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
's a very sincere work	1
unremittingly ugly movie	0
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
take credit for most of the movie 's success	1
flopping	0
a rip-off twice removed	0
will probably find it fascinating	1
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
forget	0
the most fluent of actors	1
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	1
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that	1
the most entertaining bonds	1
the charm of kevin kline	1
to a better tomorrow	1
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	0
, alone , should scare any sane person away .	0
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse	1
a natural sense for what works	1
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
geniality	1
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	1
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
funniest american comedy	1
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
april	1
this marvelous film	1
of poetry and passion	1
offbeat humor , amusing characters ,	1
versace	1
whose sharp	1
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	0
such high-profile talent serve such literate material	1
most appealing movies	1
the effort is gratefully received	1
stirs us as well .	1
slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	0
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows	1
just did n't care	0
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything	0
obvious .	0
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
a grand tour	1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	1
splendid performances	1
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system	1
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	1
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
takes a classic story	1
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile	0
the charm of kevin kline and	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,	0
'' is a big time stinker .	0
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale	1
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	1
each other so intensely , but with restraint	1
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...	0
audience falls asleep	0
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating	0
a teeth-clenching gusto	1
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
a disturbing disregard	0
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat	0
dress up in drag	0
have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
-- however canned --	0
underdone potato	0
ultimately purposeless	0
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo	1
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
finely crafted , finely written	1
the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
an unsophisticated	0
much humor	1
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
at soccer hooliganism	0
infatuated	1
two fine actors	1
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	0
a bit too eager to please	0
's badder than bad .	0
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
endear	1
shapeless	0
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	0
the hood	1
a pretty decent little documentary	1
and immature character	0
in the business	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance	0
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	0
, love .	1
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital	1
poorly written , murky and weakly acted	0
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
the treat of the title	1
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but	1
doing battle	1
of its grand locations	1
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed	1
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments	0
sad , soggy potboiler	0
so special	1
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely	0
gets violently gang-raped	0
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	0
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through	0
so many flaws	0
grotesque	0
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances	0
most genuinely sweet	1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions	1
works better the less the brain is engaged	0
better than sorcerer 's stone	1
unforced , rapid-fire delivery	1
to the haunted house	0
it 's a big idea	1
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
little style	0
acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense	0
talents	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
nosedive	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe	0
committed performances	1
wear thin	0
some savvy producer	1
becomes claustrophobic	0
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	1
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
pointed , often tender , examination	1
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex	0
winning tone	1
a naturally funny film , home movie	1
you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
thematically and stylistically	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	1
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
to feed to the younger generations	1
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop	1
b-movie	0
quality band	1
of an ordeal than an amusement	0
engrossing portrait	1
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,	0
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary	1
rather thin moral	0
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
the stylistic rigors	1
the triumph of his band	1
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
the modern master	1
as i 'm the one that i want	1
a pleasing verisimilitude	1
the sexy razzle-dazzle	1
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures	0
, the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
ben affleck	1
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results	1
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways	0
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	0
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	1
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
lift	1
often-hilarious farce	1
a sense of wonder	1
with a philosophical visual coming right	1
helmer	1
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
gets around to its real emotional business	1
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
nary an original idea	0
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
ugly and destructive	0
, hypocritical	0
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
no big whoop	0
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection	1
choppiness	0
invitingly upbeat	1
of comedic bliss	1
tear your eyes	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,	1
delightful hand shadows	1
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
marks a modest if encouraging return	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and	0
most poorly staged and	0
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup	0
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	1
feature-length	1
most offensive action	0
a heartfelt romance for teenagers	1
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work	0
loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
a really cool bit	1
brought to life on the big screen .	1
a nightmare about bad cinema	0
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
town	1
an intriguing look	1
phrase ` fatal script error	0
has compelling new material	1
gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and	1
few sequels	0
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
, is still good fun .	1
unbearably lame .	0
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and	1
hollywood road	1
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
stuttering editing and pompous references	0
the group 's playful spark	1
less a movie than )	0
anchoring	1
juvenile	0
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film	0
a charismatic charmer	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
smart movie	1
the worst film of the year	0
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
the subtle direction	1
deserves , at the very least ,	1
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded	1
without much of a story	0
is priceless .	1
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
randall wallace	1
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families	0
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up	1
it gets to you .	1
quietly affecting cop drama	1
a celebration	1
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	0
assaultive	0
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
freedom	1
grayish	0
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
an encouraging new direction for la salle	1
a thriller	1
astonish	1
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,	1
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	0
most jaded	1
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
road to perdition does display greatness	1
awesome	1
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
timeless and	1
entertain or	1
it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity	1
rough	0
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious	1
quirky iranian drama secret ballot	1
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
ourselves and	1
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project	1
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama	1
as lumpy as two-day old porridge	0
like this film	1
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	0
it is n't that funny	0
a spielberg trademark	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew	0
sublime music	1
extant stardom	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	1
too little excitement and	0
mistake .	0
pure composition	1
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
strong erotic	1
with a company of strictly a-list players	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
too much exploitation and too little	0
wind chimes	1
still serious problem	0
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
a good ear for dialogue ,	1
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	0
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	0
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	1
burdened by the actor	0
his effortless performance	1
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
the finest films of the year	1
, even-flowing tone	1
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted	1
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece	1
emotionally and spiritually compelling	1
regards reign of fire with awe .	1
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
one of the best	1
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema	0
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	1
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire	0
spare but quietly effective retelling .	1
admirable rigor	1
it is very difficult to care about the character , and	0
struggling	0
dialogue and plot lapses	0
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	0
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior	0
an american actress who becomes fully english	1
is a children 's film in the truest sense	1
creepy and dead-on performance	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	1
a moving , if uneven , success .	1
a game supporting cast	1
tawdry	0
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set	0
as rude and profane as ever ,	0
because they 're clueless and inept	0
lacking in chills	0
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
quite enough of them	1
emerged as hilarious lunacy	1
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
misogyny and unprovoked violence	0
left us cold	0
high-profile talent	1
a good film in `` trouble every day	1
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
becomes a testament to faith	1
be better to wait for the video	0
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
a slick , engrossing melodrama	1
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
dismally	0
twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion	0
an uncluttered , resonant gem	1
wonderful thing	1
woo	1
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and	1
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this	1
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	0
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	1
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
a set of heartfelt performances	1
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful	1
a real charmer	1
the movie tries to make sense of its title character	0
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations	1
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )	0
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us	0
carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
how bad it is	0
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves	1
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
the unconditional love she seeks	1
have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
will be friends through thick and thin	1
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances	1
the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
is no denying the power of polanski 's film	1
unbridled delight	1
perfectly pitched	1
a serious contender for the title	1
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times	1
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates	0
's mildly entertaining	1
a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week	1
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
an even less capable trio	0
is weak .	0
facetious	0
of the holiday box office pie	1
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
a fantastically vital movie	1
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	1
an astonishing voice cast	1
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie	1
building to a laugh riot	1
to transcend its clever concept	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
unrelentingly grim -- and	0
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art	0
too dry and too placid	0
gets a lot of flavor and spice	1
would subtlety be lost on the target audience	0
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
feel sorry	0
in a good way	1
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise	0
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
's worse	0
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
the concept is a hoot .	1
no charm , no laughs	0
trash cinema	0
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse	1
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
comes from the heart .	1
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously	1
no laughs	0
it can do even more damage	0
is a step down	0
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	0
first film something of a sleeper success	1
the fun	1
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	0
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad	0
telling	1
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation	1
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
beautifully sung	1
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
a dentist drill	0
a freshness and modesty	1
in a big corner office in hell	0
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
it 's that good .	1
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation	0
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way	1
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us	1
visually stunning	1
off-puttingly	0
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
trickery	0
the idiocy	0
hell , i dunno	0
unique , well-crafted psychological study	1
half past dead -- or for seagal	0
superficiality	0
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
's black hawk down with more heart	1
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid	0
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
see this terrific film	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --	1
comfort in familiarity	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,	1
involving in its bold presentation	1
refreshed and	1
better vehicle	1
be lovely	1
a movie with depth	1
most brilliant and brutal	1
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
, that 's a liability .	0
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
the good fight	1
a single iota worse	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration	0
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	1
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
on other levels	1
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
driven by the pathetic idea	0
quick-witted	1
horrendously	0
the love	1
expects people to pay to see it	0
maudlin focus	0
falling into the hollywood trap and	0
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	0
disgusting	0
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	1
had all its vital essence scooped out	0
thriller	1
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time	1
, subtlety has never been his trademark	0
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be	0
is as generic as its title .	0
the best script that besson has written in years .	1
a positive impression	1
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
uncomfortably timely , relevant	1
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
a stylish exercise	1
a memorable directorial debut	1
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
is a filmmaker of impressive talent	1
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics	1
of laughs	1
a delightful stimulus	1
the waste	0
sitting open too long	0
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	0
of credible gender-provoking philosophy	1
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
a fake street drama that keeps telling you	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	0
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
catapulting the artist into her own work	1
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	1
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
fine effort	1
whimsy	1
well-made evocation	1
essentially juiceless	0
opened it up for all of us	1
the film 's shortcomings	0
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
likely to induce sleep than fright	0
delightful entree	1
benefit	1
style and bold colors	1
not well-acted	0
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	0
a stock plot	0
better than	1
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
a visionary marvel	1
unparalleled	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems	1
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
love , communal discord ,	1
spontaneous creativity	1
to sloppy plotting	0
blessed	1
the pale script	0
feeble comedy	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	1
most beautiful , evocative works	1
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message	0
paced and satisfying	1
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
messy and	0
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan ,	0
good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches	0
pure craft and passionate heart	1
false , sitcom-worthy solutions	0
out-bad-act the other	0
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational	1
humor and heart and	1
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
showing honest emotions	1
his film overwhelmed	1
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	0
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
ranks as the most original in years .	1
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	0
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child	1
this remarkable and memorable film	1
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
got to my inner nine-year-old	1
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
vibrance and	1
realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu	0
poignant and leavened	1
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	1
it all unfolds predictably ,	0
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
mesmerizing performance	1
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process and	1
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	0
moments to keep it entertaining	1
gross	0
delightful	1
crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
the disjointed	0
about one thing is a small gem .	1
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack ,	1
damaged	0
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
even worse than its title	0
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
succeed in alienating most viewers	0
raw-nerved story	1
's loud and boring	0
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
seem authentic	1
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter	0
springing	1
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
witty and	1
especially well-executed television movie	1
most amazing super-sized dosage	1
gorgeous ,	1
so often end up on cinema screens	1
deliciously exploitative	1
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
rank with its worthy predecessors	1
warm ,	1
befuddled	0
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
such a pleasure	1
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
's sweet and fluffy at the time	1
bold presentation	1
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece	1
a chocolate	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
keep them guessing	1
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies	1
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash	0
a strong directorial stamp	1
having so much fun	1
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
most enjoyable	1
is one of the best actors there is .	1
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
really has no place to go since simone is not real	0
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
this much imagination	1
a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	0
collectively stellar performance	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life	0
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
the ideas tie together beautifully	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	1
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven .	0
a feature-length film	1
the wise , wizened visitor	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can --	1
's impossible to care	0
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,	0
the misery	0
pained	0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
early work	1
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity	1
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
the problem with the bread , my sweet	0
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
's nothing resembling a spine here	0
tradition and warmth	1
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
superstar	1
it 's the butt of its own joke	0
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing :	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	1
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
the humor wry and	1
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper	0
blithe rebel fantasy	1
fussing over too weak a recipe	0
get excited about on this dvd	1
lofty	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	0
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some	1
salvos hitting a discernible target .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise	0
is dudsville	0
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	1
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
insightful enough	1
the stories work and	1
just about the best straight-up ,	1
stilted and unconvincing	0
it feels like unrealized potential	0
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	1
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile	1
some strong performances	1
abundant	1
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
carried out	1
's its first sign of trouble	0
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
a muddy psychological thriller	0
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
invaluable record	1
a bit of a phony relationship	0
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company	0
by labored writing and slack direction	0
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	1
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
favor of tradition and warmth	1
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises	0
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
stimulating and	1
sorrowfully	0
most poorly staged and lit action	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast ,	1
inhuman	0
cinematic poet	1
give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	1
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
's like an all-star salute	1
lack contrast , are murky and	0
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
time bombs and	0
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	0
does its predecessors proud	1
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	1
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
a terrible movie	0
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	0
meandering	0
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence	0
the structure is simple , but	1
strongest and	1
-- as well its delightful cast --	1
largely devoid	0
with daring and verve	1
one regards reign of fire with awe .	1
no bearing on the story	0
seldom hammy ,	1
8 crazy nights	1
young american	1
genuine and sweet	1
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	0
is why i have given it a one-star rating	0
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	1
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects	0
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
an underachiever	0
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness	0
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
so sloppily written	0
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
like a drunken driver	0
the maudlin way its story unfolds	0
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's	1
have failed	0
offers no new insight on the matter , nor	0
at a grade-school audience	0
stays there for the duration	1
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but	0
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	1
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
interminably bleak	0
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
kids	1
there 's no energy .	0
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians	1
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
offers few surprises	0
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale	1
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,	1
a young boy	1
rare insight	1
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline	0
lustrous	1
comes off as self-parody .	0
is a just a waste	0
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
who die hideously	0
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
alienating most	0
so intimate and sensual and funny and	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) ,	1
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet	0
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
shamefully	0
shine	1
its courageousness , and comedic employment	1
works out	1
you 're in luck .	1
corcuera 's attention to detail	1
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	1
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation	1
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	0
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	1
a long , unfunny one	0
ponderous and	0
`` wild ride ''	1
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	0
catches dramatic fire	1
sharply	1
detailed historical document	1
splendid actors	1
manipulative and contrived	0
of wit or charm	1
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff	1
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	0
the true impact	1
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere	0
cold ,	0
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years	1
all-star salute	1
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
highly entertaining	1
in an art film !	1
its promising cast of characters	1
questionable	0
sufficient	1
many false scares	0
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	0
the grandness of romance	1
is downright doltish and uneventful	0
a wholesome fantasy for kids	1
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
its charms and its funny moments	1
frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
that he will once again be an honest and loving one	1
of beautiful movement and inside information	1
may not add up to the sum of its parts	0
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	0
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany	0
more than capable	1
that fails on so many levels	0
reflective and	1
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded	1
its pretensions	0
so stupid	0
genuine quirkiness	1
modest , straight-ahead standards	1
the talented	1
's also somewhat clumsy .	0
parapsychological	1
the execution is pretty weary	0
expressing itself in every way imaginable	1
it already has one strike against it .	0
ultimate imax trip	1
the rut dug by the last one	0
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst	1
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	0
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around	0
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
the high infidelity	0
in form	1
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
kidman has become one of our best actors	1
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	1
painful improbability	0
amusing , let alone funny	1
even as it points out how inseparable the two are	1
the gifted pearce	1
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring	1
rare documentary	1
comedy genre	1
absolutely	1
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking	0
settle for	0
to the road warrior	1
by humanity 's greatest shame	0
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination	0
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,	0
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	1
hanna-barbera charm	1
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
superior cast	1
savvy	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes	0
excited	1
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness	0
milquetoast	0
in its own direction	1
thrillers actually thrilled	1
uneven performances and	0
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and	1
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
generally smart	1
a mean-spirited film	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
breathe life	1
the `` a '' range	1
like a term paper	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	1
we a sick society	0
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
it should be poignant	1
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film	0
fits the bill perfectly	1
( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect	0
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
the charms of the lead performances	1
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
fabulously funny	1
never existed	0
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher	1
so many red herrings , so many false scares	0
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point	1
will be well worth your time	1
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
misconceived final	0
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
high-powered	1
be distasteful to children and adults alike	0
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
see : terrorists are more evil than ever !	0
it finds a nice rhythm .	1
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
the cleverness	1
beauty	1
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and	1
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	1
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian	1
real documentary	1
is amateurish	0
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows	0
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
advantage	1
fantastic !	1
captivating and intimate study	1
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious	0
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
best little `` horror '' movie	1
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut	0
turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
interesting and at times captivating	1
makes a nice album	1
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy	0
twitchy acting	0
a haunting tale	1
unrecoverable	0
radiant character portrait	1
beautiful	1
how it washed out despite all of that	0
this film : honest	1
brave and	1
`` suck ''	0
is a disarmingly lived-in movie	1
as a bitter pill	0
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	0
's as entertaining	1
much needed	1
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence	0
sappy as big daddy	0
a lot of stamina and vitality	1
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
unable	0
carmichael	1
so impersonal	0
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic	0
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad	0
redundant , sloppy	0
reggio 's	1
well enough	1
an incongruous summer playoff	0
just die already	0
has rewards ,	1
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	0
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
life affirming	1
`` crazy ''	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination	1
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact	0
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights	1
delivers more goodies	1
take the viewer inside the wave	1
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	0
romanticized rendering	1
re-invents himself	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	1
growth	1
is dark , brooding and slow	0
live up to material	1
never clearly defines his characters or	0
a lovely and beautifully	1
all credibility flies out the window .	0
if it were any more of a turkey	0
a fudged opportunity	0
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar	1
meshes in this elegant entertainment	1
that jackie chan is getting older	0
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
a joyous occasion	1
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,	1
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
fun and funny in the middle , though	1
only defies credibility	0
makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline ,	1
one of the year 's best films	1
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
competent	1
a walk to remember a niche hit	1
distinguished actor	1
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,	1
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
personality	1
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes	1
what 's invigorating about	1
is inane and awful	0
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
, you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough	1
is far more appealing	1
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .	0
, low-budget and tired	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	1
so spot on	1
, you 're far better served by the source material .	0
silly horror movies	0
satisfyingly unsettling	1
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election	1
the shabby digital photography	0
fails him	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way	0
the bad sound ,	0
's also uninspired ,	0
often very funny	1
is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	0
an empty exercise	0
have sprung from such a great one	1
hugely imaginative and successful	1
villainous	0
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
is richer than anticipated	1
remind one of a really solid woody allen film	1
brutally clueless	0
halfwit plot	0
love , longing	1
a mostly magnificent directorial career ,	1
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
to lend some dignity to a dumb story	0
pedestrian , flat drama	0
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier	0
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,	0
lifeless execution .	0
delicate , clever	1
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	0
wreck	0
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities	0
ludicrous and contrived plot	0
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
time fillers between surf shots	0
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
charmless and vacant	0
turn down a big bowl of that	0
make the stones weep --	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown	0
this much imagination and	1
absorbing	1
an impenetrable and insufferable ball	0
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit	1
define a generation	1
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
enjoyable big movie	1
grueling	0
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	1
effecting change and inspiring hope	1
kinda wrong	0
nice , harmless	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack	1
the worst of their shallow styles	0
reveals how bad an actress she is	0
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	0
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
is n't one true ` chan moment '	0
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism	0
pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
a handful of virtuosic set pieces	1
far better	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	1
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug	1
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
fierce grace	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny	1
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
great trashy fun	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
, storytelling is far more appealing	1
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	0
zzzzzzzzz	0
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
and utterly pointless	0
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
among the best films of the year .	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it )	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance	1
has considerable charm .	1
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
story and his juvenile camera movements	0
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff	0
the funniest person	1
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. ,	0
material realm	1
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this	0
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
comfort food	1
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
a great cast and	1
some of the back-story is a little tired	0
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	0
from disappointing	0
the most edgy piece	1
powerful 1957 drama	1
funny and , in the end ,	1
the clumsy cliché	0
feel-good territory	1
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game	0
just how bad it was	0
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
is pleasant enough	1
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
strange and compelling	1
well done and perfectly	1
thumbs friggin ' down	0
director michael cacoyannis	1
brash and mainly unfunny	0
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
stale first act , scrooge story ,	0
continue to impress	1
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
glued	1
is an interesting character	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek	0
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities	0
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
inane ramblings	0
leon	1
a beautiful canvas	1
entirely witless and	0
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
makes up for with its heart .	1
if not a home run , then at least	1
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks	0
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
family responsibility and care	1
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an	0
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance	1
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
remotely topical or sexy	0
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
should never , ever ,	0
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
the novel	1
that could have been much better	0
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise	1
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest	1
make this a charmer	1
penetrating	1
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
an excuse	0
with weak dialogue and biopic	0
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
it promised it would be	1
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm	1
their luster	1
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out	0
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	0
gifted korean american stand-up	1
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war	1
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	1
smoother or more confident	1
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
naive	0
direction and complete lack	0
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .	0
i also believe that resident evil is not it .	0
loneliness	0
energizing	1
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
repulsive and depressing	0
has little insight	0
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be	1
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
an engrossing story	1
various victimized audience members	0
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
a single surprise	1
a pleasing way with a metaphor	1
just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks	1
, long-suffering but cruel	0
a sense of action	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	1
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting	1
masterfully	1
it lacks the detail of the book	0
artistically inept	0
popular	1
in a way that verges on the amateurish	0
majestic achievement	1
stupid americans	0
marvelously entertaining and	1
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts	0
strong and convincing performances	1
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	0
bring new energy	1
solid , spooky entertainment	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	1
make the film relevant today	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world	1
to be passionate and truthful	1
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
sequences boring	0
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
give a thought to the folks who prepare and	1
has plenty of laughs	1
car wreck	0
treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going	0
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and	1
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
an interesting storyline	1
enjoyable 100	1
major-league	1
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically	1
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
wince in embarrassment and others ,	0
this quality band may pick up new admirers	1
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	0
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	1
when you instantly know whodunit	0
than their funny accents	1
look ill at ease sharing the same scene	0
valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers	1
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	0
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
more bluster	0
the thing just never gets off the ground .	0
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,	0
worth the trip to the theater	1
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	1
remarkable yet shockingly	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film	0
all the heart	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection	1
flaws	0
a sweet , charming tale	1
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it	0
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
remarkable ensemble cast	1
exceptional to justify a three hour running time	1
the best ,	1
help sustain it	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --	0
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle	0
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
the light comedic work	1
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled	0
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
new favorite musical	1
sterling ensemble cast	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --	1
it 's just rather leaden and dull .	0
the miniseries	1
with love for the movies of the 1960s	1
is honestly	1
gags to break the tedium	0
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned	1
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem	1
packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
skip this dreck , rent animal house and	0
the observations	1
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
at every faltering half-step of its development	0
a thriller without a lot of thrills	0
insultingly unbelievable	0
believe anyone would really buy this stuff	0
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery	0
for juicy roles	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision	1
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
piano	1
powerful and deeply moving	1
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938	0
hate myself	0
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
simple , poignant and leavened	1
witty , vibrant , and intelligent	1
epic scale	1
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
little melodramatic	0
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
kooky and overeager	0
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	1
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
wildly careening tone	0
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie	0
of emotional comfort	1
, it really won my heart	1
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
ugly and mindless	0
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
virtually no understanding of it	0
an achingly enthralling premise	1
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
drama , conflict , tears and surprise --	1
, painful , obnoxious	0
astonishing growth	1
a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
is hartley 's least accessible screed	0
of its inventiveness	1
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
weak and strong	1
that is masterly	1
is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	0
leaden as the movie sputters	0
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	0
is tuned in to its community .	1
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares	0
a haunting sense of malaise	0
man cliché	0
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
most uncanny	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	0
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
the bad sound	0
another night	1
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo	1
becomes distasteful and downright creepy	0
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	0
successful	1
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off	0
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	1
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	1
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell	0
suffocating rape-payback horror	0
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
sophisticated wit	1
wiggling energy	1
an elegant visual sense	1
whipping	0
the enjoyable undercover brother	1
vibrant with originality	1
dramatically satisfying heroine	1
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
but a great one	1
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes	1
that likely	1
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	0
's never dull	1
elegant , mannered and teasing .	1
falls back	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
as fresh	1
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk	1
hypnotically dull .	0
hearts and minds	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,	1
punches	0
various amusing sidekicks	1
thoroughly overbearing	0
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style	0
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .	0
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
in itself , is extraordinary .	1
of admission for the ridicule factor	0
see this movie	1
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
it 's simply unbearable	0
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic	0
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
was kind of terrific	1
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,	1
fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
have no idea what in creation is going on	0
grumbling	0
an all-around good time at the movies	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving	1
work better	1
cherished	1
is really funny	1
like puppies with broken legs	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
as the synergistic impulse that created it	1
dreary movie .	0
see this delightful comedy	1
the ranks	1
stock character camp	0
delight your senses and	1
most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
the only fun part of the movie	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and	0
a tone poem of transgression .	1
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	0
an absolute delight	1
a vivid imagination and an impressive style	1
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
, the production works more often than it does n't .	1
around this movie directionless	0
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
wonderfully funny moments	1
is that it goes nowhere	0
padded .	0
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	0
rich promise	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher ,	0
as delightful	1
originality , humor and pathos	1
perfect medium	1
's a loathsome movie	0
beating the austin powers films	1
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
the legendary wit 's	1
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002	0
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
good as the original	1
classic movie franchise	1
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
at once both refreshingly different and	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,	0
'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
an action hero with table manners	1
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
a very funny , heartwarming film	1
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
has created a brilliant motion picture	1
many good ideas	1
of its marks	1
watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
so fascinating	1
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
the ingenious construction	1
in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
you-are-there immediacy	1
thumbs up	1
of bible parables and not an actual story	0
delicious	1
bravo for history	1
maudlin ending	0
as entertainment	1
through this picture i was beginning to hate it	0
compelling plots	1
nair 's attention to detail	1
a snore	0
rewards	1
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
it too is a bomb .	0
reflected in almost every scene	1
a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	1
a strong-minded viewpoint , or	1
a well-put-together piece of urban satire	1
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
it unexpectedly rewarding	1
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
unique feel	1
is among wiseman 's warmest	1
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
having an old friend	1
more fascinating -- being real --	1
fantasies	1
of love and companionship	1
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
shot on ugly digital video	0
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer	0
is more interesting	1
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
fun of me	1
deeply meditative	1
do justice	1
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
of relentlessly nasty situations	0
what makes the film special	1
particularly well made	1
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	1
another classic for the company	1
oddly fascinating	1
should give `` scratch '' a second look	1
consistently sensitive	1
irresponsible	0
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	0
it hates its characters .	0
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
the holes in this film remain agape	0
the delusions	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
instructive	1
its whimsical humor	1
that is n't afraid to admit it	1
rather slow	0
why this project was undertaken	0
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
belittle a cinema classic	0
vulgar	0
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
exceptional performances	1
is dark , brooding and slow , and	0
of good stuff	1
barely makes it any less entertaining	1
african american professionals	1
the sweet cinderella story	1
the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
hilariously wicked black comedy	1
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
the plot ` surprises '	1
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
skip it	0
that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power	1
about guys and dolls	1
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses	1
rich and sudden	1
, it does n't disappoint .	1
gently humorous and touching .	1
multi-layered	1
to lift the spirits of the whole family	1
mixes in as much humor as pathos	1
cultural identity	1
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	0
with real world events	1
sweet without the decay	1
flatula	0
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present	1
, indescribably bad	0
see some interesting storytelling devices	1
make it unexpectedly rewarding	1
spiritual	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
are both superb	1
it offers hope	1
sophisticated performance	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous	1
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant	1
sometimes funny	1
something creepy about this movie	0
tries too hard	0
, personal film	1
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
, high-adrenaline documentary .	1
is more depressing than entertaining	0
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness	0
visually engrossing	1
the soulful nuances	1
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction	1
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
it 's not just a feel-good movie	1
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
a perfect medium	1
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
entirely improvised	0
low-rent retread	0
love him	1
, visually graceful	1
make for a bad film	0
smug and cartoonish	0
a romantic comedy	1
lustrous polished	1
the result is disappointing	0
cocktail	1
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste	0
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
goose-pimple	1
seriously intended movie	1
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls	0
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
fights the good fight in vietnam	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character	0
the upbeat ending	1
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing	1
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
queasy-stomached	0
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life	0
indie of the year , so far .	1
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	0
any naked teenagers horror flick	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	1
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama	0
as katzenberg	1
spice	1
and mind games	1
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	0
i did n't laugh .	0
silly beyond comprehension	0
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
one of the best , most	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	0
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	0
bottomlessly	0
bottom-of-the-bill	0
comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack	0
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
it 's not really funny	0
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film	1
this junk	0
gets off with a good natured warning	1
not one clever line	0
'' lacks in depth	0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm	1
cheery	1
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
is delightful in the central role	1
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
serene , the humor wry and sprightly	1
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	1
a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
squarely fills the screen .	1
idiocy	0
that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...	1
still fun and enjoyable	1
with the weak payoff	0
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history	1
impeccable comic timing	1
leaving you with some laughs and a smile	1
revel in its splendor	1
an attention to detail	1
clever by about nine-tenths	1
grin	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling	1
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	0
the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	1
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
argentine american beauty reeks	0
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
, insightful and entertaining	1
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
welcomed	1
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
phrase ` life affirming '	1
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully	1
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
is its essential problem	0
it actually improves upon the original hit movie	1
or , worse yet , nonexistent --	0
is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
disappointments i	0
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying	1
lost and desolate	0
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
eloquent ( meditation ) on death	1
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses	1
funniest jokes	1
with strange and wonderful creatures	1
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
it has considerable charm .	1
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	1
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been	0
confident , richly	1
his lack of self-awareness	0
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency	0
in pain	0
of high art	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony	0
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout	1
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut	1
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable	1
hugely overwritten	0
produce adequate performances	1
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
professional	1
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
for fun-seeking summer audiences	1
little more than punishment	0
aims so low	0
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
solid acting	1
a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
certainly	1
to some truly excellent sequences	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely	0
a collectively stellar performance	1
into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
anger and frustration	0
sharp script	1
bad run	0
reality tv obsession	0
art-house to the core	1
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
mugging their way through snow dogs	0
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention	0
puzzle whose pieces do not fit	0
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
an interesting topic	1
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
its unerring respect for them	1
sustains	1
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight	1
, the film would be a total washout .	0
's also undeniably exceedingly clever	1
cathartic	0
works beautifully as a movie	1
gentle and biting	1
seriously bad	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
a thoroughly awful movie	0
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
honest poetry	1
disarmingly	1
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
thanks	1
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
french shocker	1
it suits the script	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	1
the dullest kiddie flicks	0
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
great to look at	1
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
historically significant work	1
daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	1
a simple misfire	0
becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue	0
it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
feces	0
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	1
sneaks up on the viewer	1
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	0
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
thought-provoking picture .	1
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	1
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
a snore and	0
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	0
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees	1
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
is that it 's actually watchable .	1
's never dull and always looks good	1
the fantastic and the believable	1
in which the talent is undeniable	1
love the film	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry	1
well-structured	1
among the best films of the year	1
gets tiresome	0
delusions	0
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film	1
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels	0
the place where a masterpiece should be	1
choppy	0
boasting this many genuine cackles	1
quirky and satirical touches	1
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
being bored	0
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit	1
tragically	0
're in luck	1
this beautifully animated epic	1
remarkably faithful one	1
the look and the period trappings right	1
it overstays its natural running time	0
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
a straight-ahead thriller that	1
bring you into the characters	1
an ugly , revolting movie	0
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood	0
huppert 's show to steal	1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does	0
pretty stupid	0
being surprisingly dull	0
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future	1
dull , somnambulant exercise	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...	0
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development	0
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue	0
the pleasure	1
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering	0
familiar but utterly delightful .	1
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder	1
strong themes of familial ties	1
overstated	0
pseudo-philosophic	0
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter	1
a wild ride	1
the ridicule factor	0
brought something fresher	1
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	0
less-compelling	0
with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle	0
drag	0
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
the funniest motion	1
the mundane	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot	1
of perversity , comedy and romance	1
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
leave	0
liked	1
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding	0
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate	0
can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk	1
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
to surrealism and black comedy	1
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal ,	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	1
's no rooting interest	0
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic	0
to be interesting	1
a scruffy	0
classify as it is hard to resist	1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
eerily suspenseful	1
lurks just below the proceedings and	0
creatively	1
terrific casting	1
a string of ensemble cast romances recently	1
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
, potent exploration	1
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	0
a nice , light treat	1
is still quite good-natured	1
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
keeps this pretty watchable ,	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness	1
of the most curiously depressing	0
seems aware of his own coolness	1
plateau	1
with spike lee 's masterful	1
as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
very stilted in its dialogue	0
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
simple and precise	1
also will win you over , in a big way	1
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
insightfully written	1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
best movie	1
awakens	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,	0
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
fairly straightforward	1
one-of-a-kind	1
with memorable zingers	1
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming	0
speaks for itself	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	1
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
a pleasing , often-funny comedy	1
gets under our skin and	1
cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
the most moronic screenplays	0
wo n't stand the cold light of day	0
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
the scariest movie	1
we had to endure last summer	0
dreary piece	0
visually atrocious	0
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100	0
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced	0
rousing	1
is impossible to find the film anything but	0
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness	0
openness ,	1
an intriguing what-if premise	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects	0
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
aging , suffering	0
their contrast	1
the expressive power	1
frustrating and	0
, the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
engaging and	1
boilerplate clichés	0
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	1
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,	0
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	1
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
between farcical and loathsome	0
this fascinating portrait	1
are so spot on	1
generosity	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible	1
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
full of cheesy dialogue	0
to be spectacularly outrageous	1
one part romance novel ,	1
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
above the ordinary	1
completely awful iranian drama ...	0
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	1
makes it work more than it probably should	1
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ...	0
never once predictable .	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ...	0
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
slightly naughty , just-above-average off	1
absurdities and	0
the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
that he forgets to make it entertaining	0
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and	1
the silver screen	1
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film	0
leave it	0
tremendous promise	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but	0
star power ,	1
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers	1
demonic	0
) gorgeous	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive	0
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	0
the gentle and humane side	1
a bitter pill	0
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
this bad	0
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it	1
rich with human events	1
a poor fit	0
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
the best little `` horror '' movie	1
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy	1
ok for a movie	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	1
corruption	0
, evocative	1
inspire a trip to the video store --	1
useless actioners	0
a sweet-tempered comedy	1
twisted , brilliant and macabre	1
while failing to find a spark of its own	0
a lousy script ,	0
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
powerful and provocative	1
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
one lousy movie	0
fresh and	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ,	0
heartfelt story	1
technically and artistically inept .	0
unaffected style	1
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	1
hide new secretions	0
enigma lacks it .	0
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
adults behave like kids	0
you have to check your brain at the door	0
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation	1
more challenging or depressing	0
a genuine and singular artist	1
adaptation 's success	1
a superficial way , while never sure	0
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
an artist who is simply tired --	0
for occasional smiles	1
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful	1
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	0
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	0
from the classics	1
deserves a place of honor	1
, the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
there are laughs aplenty ,	1
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is	0
an alluring backdrop	1
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
an engaging	1
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship	1
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
small gem	1
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
independent-community guiding lights	1
into clichés	0
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
purely enjoyable	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?	0
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture	1
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
, unlikable characters	0
a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
dips key moments	0
a satisfactory overview	1
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
the best sports movie i 've ever seen	1
manipulative and as bland	0
become very involved	1
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and	0
three sides of his story with a sensitivity	1
that should please history fans	1
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
sundance festival	1
everybody else is in the background	1
as powerful rather than cloying	1
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
so unabashedly hopeful	1
the long and eventful spiritual journey	1
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	1
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here	1
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts	1
cause parents a few sleepless hours	0
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
a gem of a movie .	1
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '	1
distracts	0
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
translate well	1
hoping for a stiff wind	0
boredom	0
you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
kissing	1
grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
episodic choppiness	0
badly edited , 91-minute trailer	0
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
you enough to feel good about	1
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers )	1
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food	0
shoot themselves	0
style massacres erupt throughout	0
ridiculous and	0
a pretty funny movie ,	1
key strength	1
stunning fusion	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
a brilliant movie	1
the most creative mayhem	1
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages	1
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
its heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
is visually smart , cleverly written	1
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
such self-amused trash	0
keep - 'em	1
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material	0
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
and good intentions	1
win you over	1
of epic scale	1
religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,	1
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
is clearly extraordinarily talented	1
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary	1
redeemed	1
bombshell	1
it lacks a strong narrative	0
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,	1
a trifle flat	0
research library dust	0
the histrionic muse	0
i enjoyed .	1
for devotees of french cinema	1
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
a strong dramatic and emotional pull	1
( and lovely ) experiment	1
in venice	1
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
the movie is a trove of delights .	1
another key contribution	1
it drowns in sap .	0
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
to eat popcorn	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching	1
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming	0
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
should be punishable by chainsaw	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
a bit disjointed	0
the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
makes one thing abundantly clear .	1
shrewd , powerful act	1
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but	0
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997	0
stinks	0
perfectly executed	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and	1
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
play out realistically if not always fairly	1
family warmth	1
about openness , particularly the	1
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
, delicate treatment	1
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness	1
unusual homes	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is	1
terrific casting and solid execution	1
doing nothing	0
soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
an affection	1
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,	1
paint-by-numbers picture	0
give a backbone to the company	1
riveting performances	1
grow impatient	0
should bolster director and co-writer	1
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
auschwitz	0
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation	0
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	0
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --	0
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	1
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	0
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	0
is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
is predictable at every turn	0
is wholly unconvincing	0
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice	0
alienating most viewers	0
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology	1
well	1
wo n't be sitting through this one again	0
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is	0
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
poignant and gently humorous	1
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart	0
top-notch	1
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else	0
flaws igby	0
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
both exuberantly	1
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .	0
the movie lacks in action	0
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel	0
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
a three-hour cinema master class .	1
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
warm .	1
little less bling-bling	0
worthy substitute	1
he 's the god of second chances '	1
interesting social	1
one of the best war movies ever made	1
of death	0
religion that dares to question an ancient faith	1
spirals downward , and	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
's on par with the first one	1
laborious pacing	0
is intriguing	1
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating ,	1
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief	1
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	0
the most part a useless movie	0
-- full of life and small delights --	1
taken seriously	1
see it for his performance if nothing else	1
no palpable chemistry	0
about surprising us by trying something new	1
of destruction	0
none-too-original premise	0
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school	0
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
laughing at his own joke	0
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
extremely talented	1
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief	1
savagely hilarious	1
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life	1
the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
one of the year 's best	1
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
can render it anything but laughable	0
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
horribly depressing and not very well done	0
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact	1
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
a good shot	1
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
gooeyness	0
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg	0
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
