governmental odds	1
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	0
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black	1
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films	0
same sledgehammer appeal	1
rugrats	1
our infantilized culture	0
the title , many can aspire but none can equal	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking	1
date-night diversion	1
tear-drenched quicksand	0
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout	1
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	1
ironically killer soundtrack	1
puts enough salt	1
impossible	0
the imagined glory of their own pasts	0
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and	1
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	1
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement	0
the last days	0
enervating	0
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags	1
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire	1
a family-oriented non-disney film	1
sign	1
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	0
works so well for the first 89 minutes ,	1
dupe	0
break	0
looking for something new	0
do anything	0
substitutable	0
rigor	0
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be	1
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
go where we went 8 movies ago	1
ghandi	1
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	0
euphoria	1
, self-important stories	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	0
a different and emotionally reserved type	0
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow	0
slap-happy	1
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
fast-paced	1
think this movie loves women at all	0
a doa	0
luridly graphic and	0
the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen	0
i wanted more .	0
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	1
precious than perspicacious	1
book-on-tape	0
camera movements	1
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre	1
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts	1
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich	1
cannibal lust above the ordinary	1
expects something special but	0
improvise and scream	1
too convenient	0
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
if you liked the previous movies in the series	1
irrelevancy	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	1
holocaust literature	0
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
men of marginal intelligence	0
's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
rage	0
a whole lot of nada	0
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	0
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	0
, but your ego	0
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	0
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection	0
splash	1
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	1
so preachy-keen and	0
anarchy	0
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
return ticket	0
at least a minimal appreciation	1
nevertheless , it still seems endless .	0
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
remains prominent	1
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story	1
is a little too in love with its own cuteness	0
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition	0
, giggly little story	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
opera-ish story	0
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama	1
is just a little bit hard to love	0
secondary	0
' hanging over the film	0
sultry	1
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	1
bill morrison 's decasia	1
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	1
b.s. one another	0
below expectations	1
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements ,	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,	0
for godard	0
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
emotional gravity	1
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations	0
gets harder and harder to understand her choices	0
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	1
this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	1
throughout all the tumult	1
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
of animal house	1
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
spreading	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix	1
little doubt	1
the painstaking	0
entrapment	1
than either of those films	0
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
, this could be a passable date film .	1
the evening to end	0
repeated	0
nobody here bothered to check it twice .	1
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent	1
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	0
lamer instincts	1
of strictly a-list players	1
all its fusty squareness	0
evil dead ii	1
with cloying messages and irksome characters	0
than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
good to be bad	1
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences	1
a stadium-seat megaplex	1
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't	1
its chosen topic	0
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and	1
current americanized adaptation	1
fast-paced and	1
begins with promise , but runs	0
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness	0
extremely languorous rhythms	0
unbelievable	1
noisy	0
when cares melted away in the dark theater	1
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
rapt spell	1
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	1
infinitely wittier version	1
this rush to profits	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact	1
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize	1
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective .	0
logistically	1
in its attempts	1
a sharper , cleaner script	1
restrained and	0
tub-thumpingly	1
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	1
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
was essentially ,	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	0
while the humor is recognizably plympton	1
the characters sound like real people	1
a jarring , new-agey tone	1
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness	0
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
delivered in low-key style	1
animal	1
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script	1
sucks , but has a funny moment or two	0
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy	1
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	0
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice	1
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others	1
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	1
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer	1
down a familiar road with a few twists	0
sometimes creepy intimacy	1
big shear	1
huge sacrifice	0
buddy cop comedy	1
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
on the santa clause 2	1
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,	0
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude	1
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	1
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )	0
almost bergmanesque intensity	0
heaven is one such beast	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but	1
most creative mayhem	1
pure venality --	0
disgusted	0
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances	1
two-dimensional and	0
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	1
shakespeare	0
the looseness of the piece	0
only belly laughs	1
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	1
inferior level	0
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy	0
a sardonic jolt	1
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	0
impart a message	1
screenplay or	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	1
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement	0
on the soullessness of work	0
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	0
mothers	1
, fireballs and revenge	0
by the shadowy lighting	1
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness	0
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted	1
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies	1
more charming than in about a boy	1
prozac nation	0
music you may not have heard before	1
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry	1
be on video	0
of lazy humor	1
the drama that gives added clout to this doc	1
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
seem downright hitchcockian	1
almost as much as they love themselves	0
you liked the previous movies in the series	1
ambiguous	1
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	1
he 's just adjusting	0
sharper , cleaner	1
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject	1
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	1
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	0
ebullient	1
lurid	0
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and	1
sit near the back	0
consumed by lust and love	1
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	0
peels layers	1
your seat for long stretches	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis	1
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
induces headaches more slowly	0
owes enormous debts	0
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
pilot episode	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,	1
for humor in so many teenage comedies	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
the cat 's meow	1
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
hollywood pipeline	0
seem sure of where it should go	1
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility	0
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	0
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	0
younger generations	1
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	1
` red shoe diaries	1
shows little understanding	1
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	0
talkiness	0
keep parents away	0
the gags	1
will be following after it	1
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	0
threatens	0
a two star script	0
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration	1
is recognizably plympton	1
, and room noise	1
distinctive discourse	0
been given the drive of a narrative	1
ayatollah	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture	1
arresting	1
angel of death	0
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but	0
not a strike	1
eroti-comedy	0
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	1
a more credible script ,	1
contorting itself into an idea of expectation	0
its amiable jerking	0
yank	1
guilty about it	0
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
more good than great	1
poky	0
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
omnibus tradition	1
uncharted depths	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,	1
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
dominate a family	0
insane comic	1
the humor is recognizably plympton	1
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	1
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing	0
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	0
past love story derisions	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;	1
help this movie one bit	0
like nothing we westerners have seen before	1
wazoo and sets	0
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
constrictive eisenhower era	1
you ca n't wait to see end .	0
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,	1
road	0
the execution	0
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,	0
a weird , arresting little ride .	1
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed	1
altogether creepy	0
spoofs	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,	1
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it	1
sensuous and	1
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow	1
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .	1
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	0
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	0
month	1
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience	1
succumbs to sensationalism	1
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection	0
heard before	1
the subject matter is as adult as you can get	1
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time	1
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films	1
is about grief	0
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin	1
literally	1
abridged edition	1
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	0
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire	1
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and	0
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings	1
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
's being conned right up to the finale	0
blown	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '	1
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch	1
is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	1
a teen movie with a humanistic message	1
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	0
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
can say	0
frightfest	1
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	1
original character , siuation or joke	1
his life drew to a close	0
needed so badly	0
plotting	1
a fleeting grasp	0
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ,	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists	1
dies	0
crude to serve the work especially well	1
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	0
portrayals	0
be two hours gained	1
rattling the viewer	1
own tortured psyche	1
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	0
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting	0
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
whole hours	1
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	1
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
to a new , self-deprecating level	0
the latter 's attendant intelligence	0
unfairly	0
is a bowser	0
more precious than perspicacious	1
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it	0
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me	1
farewell-to-innocence movies	0
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	1
the home alone formula	1
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone	1
fairly trite narrative	1
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	0
juwanna mann	1
israeli/palestinian conflict as	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
bidder	1
we were soldiers	1
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch	1
on this screenplay	1
, gut-clutching piece	1
into by-the-numbers territory	0
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	0
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	1
pandering	0
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
last 15 minutes	1
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
sandbox	1
what it 's trying to say and	1
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at	0
pushed to their most virtuous limits	1
searching for its identity	0
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
tv episodes	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,	0
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ,	1
of menacing atmosphere	1
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	0
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy	1
the only winner	1
dour	0
skip but film buffs should get to know	0
scripted	0
little cleavage	0
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	1
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
to a few rather than dozens	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting	0
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	0
a more credible script , though	1
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
seems endless .	0
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception	0
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time	1
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap	1
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic	1
gain the unconditional love she seeks	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,	0
a promise nor	1
has performed a difficult task indeed	1
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions	1
by the sick sense of humor	0
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	0
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
imitative of innumerable	0
chases for an hour and then	1
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )	1
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	0
matches the page-turning frenzy	1
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination	1
willie would have loved it	1
the comedy equivalent	1
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid	1
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	1
unpaid intern	0
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star	1
argue	0
mr. scorsese 's	1
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	0
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time	1
crypt	1
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
touched by an unprecedented tragedy	0
labyrinthine	1
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph	1
a james bond series for kids	1
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	0
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .	0
shot all the way .	1
a simplistic narrative and	1
mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
in `` unfaithful	0
is one baaaaaaaaad movie	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,	1
rah-rah	1
refused	1
imperfect	0
domestic tension and unhappiness	0
something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
smack of a hallmark hall of fame	0
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
killer website movie	1
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
poo .	0
smart , not cloying	1
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions	0
, it may just scare the pants off you .	1
have a story and a script	1
eventually cloying pow drama .	0
a better satiric target	0
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't	1
jokester highway patrolmen	1
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .	1
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran	1
against a tree	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
every scrap is of the darkest variety	1
its fusty squareness	0
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
the strange horror of life	0
creating the characters who surround frankie	0
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	0
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
we get the comedy we settle for .	0
vaunted empathy	1
all the way to the credits	1
carry on their parents ' anguish	0
locales	0
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	1
, from the incongruous but chemically	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and	1
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
is twice as bestial but half as funny .	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet	0
of this laughable dialogue	1
of sentimental ooze	0
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks	1
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash	0
more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations	0
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
often demented in a good way ,	1
if it 's filmed tosca that you want	1
a fresh infusion	1
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives	1
i found myself howling more than cringing	1
wang )	0
dangerously collide	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ...	1
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick	1
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater	1
takes such a speedy swan dive	1
dizzy	0
succeeded only in making me groggy .	1
mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush	1
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down	1
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	1
deviant	0
a serious drama	1
you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater	1
unforgivingly	0
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie	1
to be a wacky , screwball comedy	1
watch on video at home	0
sophomoric	0
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
a movie theater	1
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	0
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further	1
hip-hop indie snipes	1
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	0
leaks treacle from every pore .	0
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience	0
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	1
is barely	1
ordinary	0
windshield	1
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal	0
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	1
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy	1
half past dead is just such an achievement .	1
about existential suffering	0
little time	1
its extremely languorous rhythms ,	0
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects	1
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted	1
rusi vulakoro	1
than franchise possibilities	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time	0
plenty to offend everyone	0
still leaves shockwaves	1
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable	1
better video-game-based flicks ,	0
teetering on the edge of sanity	0
blemishes	0
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking	1
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product	1
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	1
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes	1
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )	0
barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	0
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this	1
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single	0
ever knew about generating suspense	1
a no-bull throwback	1
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	1
we all lose track of ourselves by trying	1
pinochet	0
, compulsive life	0
in the pants	1
as south park	0
derring-do	1
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	0
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon	1
hilarity .	1
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style	0
wo n't be sorry	1
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but	1
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
need to try very hard	0
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	1
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws	1
dogs	1
cringing	0
well-meant but	0
fills time	0
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and	1
outweigh the positives	0
unacceptable	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '	0
its contrivances	1
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd	1
they have been patiently waiting for	1
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --	0
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	0
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
the tragedy beneath it	1
sinister inspiration	1
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	1
dramedy '	1
worked five years ago	0
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil	0
will worm its way there	1
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere	0
from a bygone era	0
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime	0
very talented but underutilized	0
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	1
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
may have to keep on looking .	0
just a string	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
losin '	0
in ireland over a man	1
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	0
does steven seagal come across these days ?	0
ultimate scorsese film	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but	1
in its yearning for the days	0
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	0
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for	1
a welcome lack	1
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness	0
eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch	1
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	1
a source of high hilarity	1
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	1
for the ones that do n't come off	1
from a television monitor	1
for damon/bourne or his predicament	1
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	0
good for this sucker	1
than anything that 's been done before	1
shamelessly enjoyed it	1
most of its ilk	0
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	1
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
and social commentary	0
it will just as likely make you weep ,	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	0
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it	1
the limits of what a film can be ,	0
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
grandiosity	1
an inferior level	0
inelegant	0
would seem to be surefire casting	1
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
in search of a better movie experience	0
any country	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	1
one-hour mark	1
put together with the preteen boy in mind .	0
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde	0
truth-in-advertising hounds	0
borscht	0
to spare wildlife	1
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	1
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion	1
what on earth is going on	0
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish	0
unsentimental	0
steals so freely from other movies and	0
reactionary ideas about women	0
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie	1
damon/bourne or	1
elaborate and twisted characters	0
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie	1
marginal intelligence	0
gasp	1
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	0
a wacky , screwball comedy	1
a shakespearean tragedy	0
revulsion	0
steals	0
to his pulpy thrillers	1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving	1
at best	1
a deep vein of sadness	0
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )	1
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react	0
's tv sitcom material at best	1
target practice	1
gender-bending comedy	1
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	1
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly	0
put together with the preteen boy in mind	0
arcane area	0
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style	1
parental units	1
all too clever complexity	1
an actual vietnam war combat movie	1
into melancholia	0
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy	1
the euphoria	1
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other	1
did n't hate this one	1
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	1
in execution	0
the barriers finally prove to be too great	0
hong kong master john woo	1
only self-aware neurotics engage in	1
drop your jaw	1
another day of brit cinema	0
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis	1
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	0
the most practiced curmudgeon	1
get weird ,	1
rare window	0
, 84 minutes is short	1
very handsomely produced let-down	0
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters	1
a twisted sense	1
through a prism	0
that deserves more than a passing twinkle	1
most romantic comedies ,	1
nervy and	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	1
's far from a frothy piece	1
sit through it again	1
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	1
showing off	0
may have been born to make	1
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --	0
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters	1
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow	1
genteel and unsurprising the execution	1
much stranger than any fiction	0
baaaaaaaaad movie	0
be talking about the film once you exit the theater	1
shenanigans and slapstick	1
turntablism	1
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey	0
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout	0
the odd enjoyably chewy lump	1
sermonize	0
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
steers clear of the sensational and	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
hard-edged stuff	1
the ` wow ' factor	0
a bittersweet contemporary comedy	0
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly	1
showtime deserves the hook .	0
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
xxx	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and	0
than the first 30 or 40 minutes	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and	0
black-and-white psychedelia	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary	1
a few zingers aside	1
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .	1
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	1
, then blood work is for you .	1
cloying messages	0
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage	1
another genre exercise	0
rip-roaring comedy action	1
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement	1
sex toys and offers	0
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work	0
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	1
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama	0
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	1
sinuously plotted and	1
heart and unsettling subject matter	1
the unacceptable	0
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn .	1
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie	1
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	1
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
have rarely seen	1
cinematic poo .	0
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable	0
there are many tense scenes in trapped	1
female population	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope	1
into forced fuzziness	1
an electric pencil sharpener	1
knockabout	1
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus	1
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad	1
conjured up more coming-of-age stories	1
imitative	0
re-fried	0
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
predictably efficient piece	1
losin ' his fan base	0
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
a defiantly retro chord	1
its make-believe promise of life	0
unfaithful	0
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy	1
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
anything but frustrating , boring , and	1
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	1
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
the comic effects of jealousy	1
ca n't be dismissed as mindless	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	0
occasion	0
despite modest aspirations	1
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
have you talking 'til the end of the year	1
textbook lives	1
changing lanes tries for more .	1
serves up all of that stuff	1
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts	1
flamboyant style	1
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness	1
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	1
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends	1
a throwback war movie	1
genitals	1
the relationship between reluctant	1
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,	1
a glorified episode	0
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	0
with an original idea for a teen movie	1
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting	1
book report	0
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
it gets old quickly .	0
raunch	0
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then	1
milked	0
kitschy goodwill	1
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
is just too original to be ignored	1
a spoof comedy	1
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly	0
could fail to crack a smile at	0
its need to reassure	0
avoiding eye contact and	0
incurably	0
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
need a playful respite	1
tendentious	0
goldie hawn	1
flamboyant female comics	1
denouement	0
mixed-up	1
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and	1
of patch adams quietly freaking out	1
smell the grease on the plot	1
entirely irony-free	1
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	1
than malle 's dud	1
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein	0
favor of an altogether darker side	1
with an action movie that actually has a brain	1
the final product is a ghost	1
arresting little ride	1
minority report	0
missing from it	0
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
broomfield dresses it up	1
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
some tasty grub	1
the charm and little	1
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers	1
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction	1
a wickedly undramatic central theme	0
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
like a room stacked with pungent flowers	1
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory	1
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	1
justify his exercise	0
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
in an admittedly middling film	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	1
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time	1
loud , bang-the-drum	0
snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	1
at its best	1
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain	1
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline	0
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	0
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end	1
dramatized	1
goldbacher	0
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene	1
helluva singer	1
's the perfect cure for insomnia	0
are many tense scenes in trapped	1
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
had , lost , and got back	1
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in	1
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative	0
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program	0
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance	0
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	0
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,	1
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	1
a strangely	0
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional	0
harks	1
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,	0
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind	1
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	1
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
ear-splitting	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things	0
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	0
tossed in	1
prescribed	1
credit director ramsay	1
content merely	1
kong action	1
induces headaches	0
temperamental	0
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
sitting around	0
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
is top shelf	1
make the stones weep -- as shameful	1
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine	1
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you	1
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back ,	1
perdition	1
cowardly	0
misleading	0
jumps around	0
casts its spooky net	1
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within	1
of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	0
's a scorcher .	1
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	1
to watch too many barney videos	1
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
which is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
older	0
presume	1
relatively gore-free	1
has-been	0
conned	0
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading	1
transvestite comedy	0
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	0
of the insurance actuary	1
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	0
a slap-happy series	1
safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say	0
the e-graveyard	1
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
a historic scandal	0
puerile	0
leave you speaking in tongues	1
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
one of them	0
willing to express his convictions	0
showcases	0
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man	1
purdy	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
reasonably creative eighth-grader	0
but here 's a movie about it anyway .	0
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	0
in the media	0
tits	1
the unexplored story opportunities	1
of high hilarity	1
leave you wanting more ,	1
tear their eyes away	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful	1
, is painterly .	0
alternative housing options	1
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
deserve a passing grade	1
delivering a dramatic slap	1
so aggressively cheery	0
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
spare dialogue	0
sillier	1
of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
charming than in about a boy	1
furious	0
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack	1
intimate than spectacular	1
nerds	1
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	0
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action	1
try hard but	0
strung-together moments	0
of lingerie models and bar dancers	1
out on video before month 's end	0
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness	0
cleansing	1
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .	1
peril	1
sexually explicit	0
though its story is only surface deep	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company	1
this dvd	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks	0
the soul of a man in pain	0
that really gives the film its oomph	1
of great actors hamming it up	0
danish cows	1
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
was daniel day-lewis .	1
for a quick-buck sequel	0
to conceive anyone else in their roles	1
nebrida	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city	1
that seems tailor	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	1
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	0
finds its tone and several scenes run	1
convinced of its own brilliance	0
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor	1
dog	1
when a movie has stuck around for this long	1
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
the brawn , but not	1
now as a former gong show addict	1
is anything but languorous	1
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
the serbs themselves	1
after you laugh once ( maybe twice )	0
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
fizzle	0
starts with a legend	1
opportunity to make absurdist observations	1
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere	1
may have many agendas	1
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride	1
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
had more to do with imagination than market research	1
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	1
intolerant	1
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	1
take away the controversy	1
ca n't possibly be enough	0
fairly basic comedic constructs	1
-- even more damning --	0
a film that comes along every day .	0
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
lil bow wow takes the cake	1
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	0
the self-image	1
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	1
processed comedy	0
an uneasy marriage	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;	0
spectacle and pacing	1
made swimfan anyway	1
make up for an unfocused screenplay	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism	0
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
been developed with more care	0
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing	1
about identity and alienation	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and	1
politics	0
the actors pick up the slack	1
meaty subject	1
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness	0
killer soundtrack	1
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,	1
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	1
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
the comic elements of the premise	1
chronically	0
paramount imprint	0
that relies on more than special effects	1
of the two bewitched adolescents	0
is a far smoother ride .	1
is more accurately chabrolian .	1
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
be half as entertaining as it is	1
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
buffoons	0
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	1
similar obsessions can dominate a family	0
read my lips	0
( ferrera )	0
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity	1
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
suspenseful enough for older kids but not	1
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	1
car chase	1
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage	0
average kid-empowerment fantasy	1
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
in amazement over the fact	1
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
leather pants &	1
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )	1
3-d	0
purports	1
while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
so old-fashioned	0
freakish	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	1
the rhapsodic dialogue	1
well-made but mush-hearted .	1
their computer-animated faces	0
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
swept away '	1
more plot	1
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas	1
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes	1
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do	1
those who are drying out from spring break	1
change watching such a character ,	0
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another	0
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes	1
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	0
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater	1
groan and	1
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	1
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .	0
hollywood confection	0
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	1
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream	1
has all the hallmarks of a movie	1
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural	1
he 's done	0
two star script	0
ineffective	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --	1
his machismo	1
ruins every single scene he 's in	0
you laugh once ( maybe twice )	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better	0
wedgie	0
an almost sure-fire prescription	1
a convincing impersonation	1
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work	1
miss	0
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
gimmicky	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing	1
poo	0
is n't much fun without the highs and lows	0
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	1
shoplifts	0
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
chasing who	1
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
displacement	0
go anywhere new ,	1
the shadows of motown	1
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic	1
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
of complacency	1
over with	0
might turn on many people to opera , in general	1
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories	0
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '	0
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past	1
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	0
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
point at things that explode into flame	0
that might have made it an exhilarating	1
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	1
only mildly funny	1
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject	0
little film noir organized crime story	1
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say	1
last-minute action	1
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	1
of pure misogynist evil	0
like a 10-course banquet	1
of high humidity	1
against itself	1
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,	0
unimpeachable clarity	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	1
putting together any movies of particular value or merit	1
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
a lump of play-doh	1
hilarity	1
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '	0
on top of a foundering performance	0
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	1
lyne 's stolid remake	1
silly summer entertainment	1
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	0
it 's sort of in-between	1
naughty children 's	0
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	1
overcome blah characters	1
of the lightweight female empowerment	0
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
melancholic	0
a grand fart	0
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy	1
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	1
humbling little film	1
a tap-dancing rhino	0
then blood work is for you .	1
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
long enough to read the subtitles	1
added clout	1
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	0
more slowly	0
more than a whiff	1
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	0
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject	1
who might enjoy this	1
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
their own mortality	1
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	1
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap	1
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	1
noble end	0
remains undiminished	1
these women 's	1
for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	1
shot two years ago	0
is just the point	1
unpredictable character	0
self-deprecating comedy	1
a been-there ,	0
preachy-keen	1
watchable up until the point	0
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
glorified	1
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	0
for cryin '	1
disturb	0
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
, it actually hurts to watch .	0
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side	1
blast	1
that should have been the ultimate imax trip	1
full of itself	0
a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
like reading a research paper	1
has the usual impossible stunts	1
have done in half an hour	0
the better video-game-based flicks ,	1
gasp , shudder	0
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered	1
fuzzy	1
shenanigans and	0
tame	1
like a lazy summer afternoon	1
smug grin	0
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	0
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	0
undermining the story 's emotional thrust	1
most immediate and most obvious	0
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition	0
creepy-scary	1
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde	1
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	0
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer	0
, poignant and leavened	1
quickie tv special	0
, you 'd better have a good alternative	0
it 's insanely violent and very graphic	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very	0
drivel	0
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	0
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	0
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it	1
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss	1
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
crassly flamboyant	0
appropriately cynical social commentary aside	1
out-to-change-the-world	1
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless	1
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	0
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	0
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	0
such a mechanical endeavor (	1
the rope snaps	0
all hollywood fantasies	0
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them	1
rotting	0
a large dose of painkillers	0
look no further	1
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
, it irrigates our souls .	1
did n't hollywood think of this sooner	1
going to jell	1
skins has a desolate air	0
totally exemplify	1
oblivious to the existence of this film	0
a remake by the numbers	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude	1
glaring and unforgettable	1
laugh-free lecture	0
unequivocally	1
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	1
an impossible spot	1
none can equal	1
radioactive hair	1
raucously	1
her most charmless	0
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,	1
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company ,	0
leaving you	0
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties	1
all comedy is subversive ,	1
unpredictable comedy	1
intolerable	0
clearly a manipulative film	1
all end	1
poetic tragedy	0
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
sucking	0
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '	1
the stuffiest cinema goers	0
guessing at almost every turn	1
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	1
you live the mood rather than savor the story .	1
stick to his day job	0
were insulted	1
a half dozen	1
bite	0
of the lovable-loser protagonist	1
of the grieving process	0
includes one of the strangest	1
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial	1
, boredom never takes hold .	1
glamorous machine	1
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity	0
tormented by his heritage	0
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama	1
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
crime expertly	0
than the real thing	1
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening	0
to win any academy awards	1
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
talked all the way through it	0
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	1
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it	0
and weakly acted	0
curse	0
of the long list of renegade-cop tales	0
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	1
warped	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	0
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket	1
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear	0
tolerable-to-adults	0
the english call ` too clever by half	1
for all the dolorous trim	1
only one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
recycling	1
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	0
twinkly-eyed	1
although fairly involving as far as it goes	1
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn	1
dropped	1
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic	0
the first fatal attraction	1
second fiddle	0
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	1
audacity and	0
nearly every attempt at humor	1
pander to our basest desires	1
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	0
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience	0
below is well below expectations .	0
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
the silliness	1
the screenplay , but rather	1
strands his superb performers in the same old story	0
manual	0
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw	0
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
increasingly diverse	0
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	0
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	0
they grow up and you can wait till then	0
little catch	1
rent this on video	1
dragons	0
have an original bone in his body	0
inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	0
most of it given to children	1
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances	1
used my two hours better watching	0
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning	0
of emotional desperation	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing	1
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that	0
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances	0
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	0
is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
the immediate aftermath	1
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
this strenuously unconventional movie	0
a sadistic bike flick	0
amiable but	1
ca n't wait to see end .	1
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks	1
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug	1
dope	1
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,	1
heartache everyone	0
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...	1
the pratfalls but little else	0
blood	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but	0
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this	0
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and	0
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
inside righteousness	1
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	0
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay	0
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and	1
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time	1
this date-night diversion	0
adrift , bentley and hudson	0
it may be a no-brainer	1
comical	1
a trend	0
jealous	0
the problem with antwone fisher	1
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause	1
jackass '' fan	1
beguiling serenity and poise	1
talky	1
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused	0
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	0
averting an american-russian armageddon	1
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
the grease	0
fanboy	0
ate a reeses	1
fire a torpedo	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ,	0
seems endless	1
the victims	0
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	0
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire	0
, sad dance	0
disparate funny moments	1
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	1
minimal appreciation	0
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or	1
defies classification	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but	0
cross-country road trip	1
natter	0
until the final act	1
have to pay if you want to see it	1
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog	0
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
rotting underbelly	0
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	0
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	1
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself	0
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie ,	0
staged violence overshadows everything ,	0
beats new life	1
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	0
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
more than it does cathartic truth telling	0
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	1
britney spears ' phoniness	0
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	0
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey	0
have to see it	1
visually flashy but narratively opaque and	0
is painterly .	1
spell things out for viewers	0
definitive , if disingenuous , feature	0
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	1
a film with almost as many	1
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	1
may pander to our basest desires for payback	1
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
`` shock humor ''	0
the characters never change .	0
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	0
mixed up	0
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	1
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds	1
softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
affair	0
's not too much of anything	0
a head-turner	1
belittle a cinema classic .	0
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but	0
filter out the complexity	1
peculiarly moral amorality	0
members of the cultural elite	0
glossy hollywood	0
birot 's	0
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	1
your ego	1
to our basest desires	1
runs around and	1
a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	1
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	0
formidable arithmetic	0
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
transparently	1
seeking christian-themed fun	1
watery tones	0
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be	0
avert our eyes	0
sporadic dips	1
self-consciously poetic	1
be with a large dose of painkillers	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short ,	0
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists	0
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering	1
just such a dungpile	0
be themselves	0
like arnold schwarzenegger	1
spontaneous	1
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain	0
the reefs	0
padding	1
had from films crammed with movie references	1
off the hook	1
a paint-by-numbers picture	0
cross between highlander and lolita	1
would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king	1
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
a silly comedy	0
usual tear	1
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work	0
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor	1
that omnibus tradition called marriage	0
had all its vital essence scooped out and	0
head-turner	1
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better	0
audacity	0
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient	0
obscenity is at hand	0
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	1
call the ` wow ' factor	1
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos	1
sights	0
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door	0
opposed to the manifesto	1
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes	1
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	1
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
is where ararat went astray .	0
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	1
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .	0
, discontent , and yearning	0
from firing on all cylinders	1
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	0
her tragedies	0
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
dogme	1
a portrait of alienation	1
period-piece movie-of-the-week	0
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt	1
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot	1
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	1
his control	0
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today	1
princesses	1
ruthlessly pained	0
be careful what you wish for	0
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	0
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere	0
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	0
overwhelming sadness	0
boffo last hour	1
the need for national health insurance	1
modus	1
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	0
could n't care less	0
taboo	0
could use a little more humanity ,	0
genteel and unsurprising	0
shot like a postcard	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but	0
provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee	0
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	1
imagine having more fun watching a documentary	0
like it was worth your seven bucks ,	1
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight ,	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul	0
bluff	0
breezy , distracted rhythms	0
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	1
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick	1
though the film is well-intentioned	1
knockoff	0
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes	0
to intolerable levels	0
the same easy targets	0
hollywood disregard	1
pop up in nearly every corner of the country	1
middle east	0
for only 71 minutes	1
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	0
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	1
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
characteristically engorged and	0
drew to a close	1
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
a droll sense	0
mixed results	0
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences ,	0
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy	1
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving	1
critics be damned .	1
manipulating our collective fear	1
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	0
earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
it should be interesting	1
the most ravaging ,	1
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
scrutiny	0
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	0
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it	1
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
if also somewhat hermetic .	1
, provocative and vainglorious	0
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
little $ 1.8 million charmer	1
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
`` minority report '' astounds .	1
bind us	0
metal , fireballs and revenge	1
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	0
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	0
almost saves the movie .	0
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	1
flawed humanity	1
for beginners	0
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	1
very least	0
same easy targets	0
siren	0
may have expected to record with their mini dv	1
kiddie fantasy pablum	0
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel	1
if that 's not too glorified a term	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
amazingly dopey .	1
ki-deok	1
and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie	0
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
and no one )	1
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering	0
laughably	0
it 's a ripper of a yarn and	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing	1
're gon na like this movie	1
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	1
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	0
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
more simply intrusive to the story	0
resident evil	1
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned	0
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	1
be over	1
is , more often then	1
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	1
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	0
run of the mill	0
on character	1
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	0
puzzling	0
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films	1
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
adam watstein with finishing it at all	1
this year 's razzie	0
exploits ( headbanger )	0
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	0
sexiness	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled	0
his intellectual rigor	1
with complications	1
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
the scariest guy	0
's best served cold	1
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
beauty reeks	1
conventional thriller	1
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
the sturdiest example yet	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but	0
casting call	0
with steven seagal	1
usual fluttering and stammering	0
a cut-and-paste	0
hardhearted scrooge	0
not so much farcical as sour .	0
you forget you 've been to the movies .	1
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable	1
as a mechanical apparatus	1
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
with few respites	1
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	0
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
invented	1
disagree	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
than special effects	1
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	0
as he was about inner consciousness	1
its characters ' decisions	0
a few laughs but nothing else	0
these guys ' superhuman capacity	1
i imagined a movie ever could be	1
the preachy	0
been there , done that ,	0
the resolutions	0
in her most charmless	0
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	1
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
philosophers , not filmmakers	0
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies	0
the burning sensation	1
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
underdog movie since the bad news bears	1
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy	0
all menace and atmosphere	0
escape	1
a slight and uninventive movie	0
the rotting underbelly of middle america	0
the earmarks	1
unknowable	0
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick	0
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 '	1
the new insomnia	1
groan	0
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	1
a guiltless film	1
who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
end all chases	1
if tragic )	0
better video-game-based	1
are too cute	1
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	1
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
strenuous	0
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him	0
struggling to create	0
like a glossy rehash	1
performance - ahem	0
silliness and	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me	0
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	0
endlessly challenging	1
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
required to give this comic slugfest some heart	0
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric	1
madonna 's	0
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''	0
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and	0
'll see a better thriller this year	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	1
super - violent ,	0
the cruelty and suffering	0
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	1
trimmed	0
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence	1
pat storylines	0
misconstrued as weakness	1
with lots of somber blues and pinks	0
transfixes the audience .	1
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way	0
had been developed with more care	1
its agonizing , catch-22 glory	0
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors	0
above its disgusting source material	1
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,	0
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	1
great crimes	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	0
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances	0
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west	0
handbag-clutching	1
all the annals	0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	0
guessing plot and	1
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york	1
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism	1
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying	1
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
reveals itself slowly ,	1
as well-characterized	1
swooning melodrama	1
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
charmless witch	0
a mobius strip	1
on mgm 's shelf	0
few good ideas	1
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product	0
mixed-up films	0
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago	1
you 've actually spent time living in another community	1
rapturous	0
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
every single scene	1
infamy	0
colorful , semimusical	1
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him	0
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	0
refuses	0
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams	0
is completely at sea	1
ignite sparks	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but	1
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	1
despite downplaying her good looks	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	0
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show )	0
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking	1
that most frightening of all movies --	1
its standard formula	0
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand	1
compels	1
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	1
thoughtlessly assembled	0
combustible mixture	1
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	1
world war ii	1
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original	0
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	0
the mushy finale	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
peerlessly	1
unsurprising	0
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	1
the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
through some of clancy 's holes	1
neglecting character development	0
at 18 or 80	1
thinking about going to see this movie	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''	0
welcome in her most charmless	0
deserves a sequel	1
of the war	0
manages for but a few seconds	0
the filmmakers just follow the books	0
realize your mind is being blown	1
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	0
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
could hardly	0
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism	1
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows	1
here leaves a lot to be desired	0
oddly moving	1
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .	1
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
attributable to a movie like this	1
that breaks your heart	0
eerily accurate depiction of depression .	0
the nerve-raked acting ,	0
a sequel you can refuse	0
ominous mood and tension	0
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	1
unusually surreal	1
atmospheric weirdness	1
in tight pants and big tits	0
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i	0
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative	1
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime	1
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	1
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food	1
adorably ditsy but	1
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	1
be oblivious to the existence of this film	0
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
piffle	0
drama ,	0
if i want a real movie	0
had all its vital essence scooped	0
a little melodramatic , but with enough	0
put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness ,	1
most charmless	0
the credits roll across the pat ending	0
as little cleavage	1
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
relying on the viewer to do most of the work	0
too great	1
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight	0
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre	1
average bond	0
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks	1
sedate	0
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven	1
think of a film more cloyingly	1
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,	0
though flawed	0
for that matter , shrek )	1
obvious political insights	1
much more ordinary	1
take on loss and loneliness	0
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology	0
about either the nature of women or	1
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth	1
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
to provoke them	1
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders	0
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	1
, no-frills ride	0
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level	0
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
freaking out	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative	0
any stylish sizzle	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new	0
desolate	0
a no-holds-barred cinematic	1
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life	0
see what he could make with a decent budget	1
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant	1
they used to anymore	1
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	0
uses grant 's own twist of acidity	1
taken the protagonists a full hour	0
with the inescapable conclusion	1
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream	0
narc	0
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing	0
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans	1
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
have to see this	1
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
cyndi lauper	0
french malapropisms	1
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	1
take on the soullessness of work	1
dramatized pbs program	0
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte	1
weepy melodrama	0
about issues most adults have to face in marriage	1
actually hurts to watch .	0
should serve detention	0
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world	0
more salacious telenovela than serious drama	0
destroy is also a creative urge	0
of its lurid fiction	1
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial	1
you see this film you 'll know too	1
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact	1
exudes	1
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact	0
have saved this film a world of hurt	1
fixating	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	0
compromising that complexity	0
oblivious	0
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	0
to much more than trite observations on the human condition	0
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length .	1
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
we call the ` wow ' factor	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation	0
lazier	0
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie	0
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
the battle bots	1
philosophical void	0
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music	0
patience	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations	0
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it	0
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )	0
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	0
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	0
ignites	1
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman	0
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness	0
only surprise	0
, three-dimensional characters	1
palpable	1
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
blaxploitation spoof	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated	0
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	1
deeper every time	1
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	0
the filmmaker would disagree	0
exhausted by documentarians	0
simplistic story	0
any art-house moviegoer	1
deepest recesses	0
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	1
goofiness	1
more elves and snow and	0
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick	0
it irrigates our souls .	1
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,	1
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	0
sketchy but nevertheless	0
it has its faults ,	0
constrictive	0
defend himself	1
tries for more .	0
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ,	0
minority report '' astounds .	1
unsuccessfully	0
but certainly not without merit	1
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies	0
recite some of this laughable dialogue	0
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
smirk	0
about full frontal	1
, frightening war scenes	0
cookie-cutter action scenes	0
down memory lane	1
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	0
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany	1
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	0
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro	1
to do with imagination than market research	0
you have to pay if you want to see it	1
filmed directly from a television monitor	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum	1
most hollywood romantic comedies	0
in spite of its predictability	0
laugh-out-loud lunacy	1
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	0
by storm	1
whole thing	1
our reality tv obsession ,	0
any working class community	1
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	0
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	0
beguiling	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise	0
needed	1
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	0
a troubled and determined homicide cop	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	0
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side	0
pubescent	1
nurtured his metaphors	0
they may be as history	0
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
out of eudora welty	1
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	1
the filmmakers were worried	0
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	0
tootsie	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and	0
at the very least	0
talky films	0
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
pow	1
challenges	0
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
only thing missing	1
climactic burst	1
climactic	1
desperation worthy	0
appeals	1
on a 10-year delay	1
arrive early and stay late	1
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	1
odd , rapt spell	0
not enough puff	1
dicey	0
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,	0
disgracefully written dialogue	0
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
preachy and	0
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome	0
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	0
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	0
the rare sequel	1
reenacting a historic scandal	1
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
benefits from serendipity but	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but	1
rancorous curiosity	1
far less crass	1
7th heaven	0
hooting	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''	1
directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl	1
give each other the willies	0
american and	0
cult	0
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
too clever by about nine-tenths .	1
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	0
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre	0
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery )	1
a lightweight story about matchmaking	1
a certain sexiness	1
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy	0
a laughable -- or rather	0
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
written for no one	1
easy sanctimony	0
ghetto fabulousness	1
exhausted	0
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time	1
the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
have been a painless time-killer	1
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark	1
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
the goo	0
try to surprise us with plot twists	1
on the premise	1
gon na like this movie	1
yet , it must be admitted	0
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	0
outdoes its spectacle .	1
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind	1
of one unstable man	1
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	1
must be a serious contender for the title	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	0
can get on television for free	0
slight but	0
rank	0
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture	0
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned	0
puts an exclamation point	1
this three-hour endurance test	0
though he only scratches the surface	0
eighth-grader	1
sterile	0
does n't transcend genre	0
de niro 's right-hand goombah	0
smart-aleck	0
could have been crisper and punchier ,	0
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
with a single	1
tight and nasty	1
to be truly prurient	0
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
despite all the backstage drama	1
profits	1
has settled for a lugubrious romance	0
is laughingly	0
the better of obnoxious adults	0
imax trip	1
arrogant	0
other , better crime movies	0
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary	1
stitch	0
be careful what you wish for ''	0
tendency	1
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival	1
unsubtle	0
asylum material	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but	0
poise	1
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
just for sitting through it	0
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
an admittedly middling film	1
who paid to see it	0
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be	0
scrutinize	0
if uneven ,	1
of moral compromise	1
sell it	1
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for	0
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say	0
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	1
eviction	1
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream	0
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	0
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
its own ironic implications	0
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline	1
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
uphill or something	1
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	0
long on glamour	1
hurts to watch	0
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster	1
cell phones , guns , and	1
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants	0
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	1
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	1
to infamy	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	1
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	1
the fat	1
remains	0
spooks	0
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	1
more than people	1
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee	1
of jaglom 's own profession	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad	1
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	1
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really	1
the guise of a modern motion picture	0
stroke	0
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	0
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness	0
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed	1
handed down	0
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
are often a stitch	0
work more than it probably should	0
purely abstract	1
night out	1
dodge	1
skeeved	0
into the sort of heartache everyone	0
enough said , except : film overboard !	0
lazily	0
terminally bland ,	1
off the path of good sense	0
brutal 90-minute battle sequence	0
downright movie penance	0
of a sick and evil woman	1
an exclamation point	1
of a man with unimaginable demons	1
is really all about performances	1
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
is why film criticism can be considered work	0
uplifter .	1
spectator	1
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris	1
mined his personal horrors and	0
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that	1
rejects	0
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable	1
behind bars	1
sword-and-sorcery plot	1
miss you .	1
twisted shapes history	0
when she should be building suspense	0
yourself praying for a quick resolution	0
sometimes improbable story	0
infatuated	1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	0
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	1
like schindler 's list	1
many such biographical melodramas	0
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	1
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
's endgame	1
tear your eyes away	0
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded	0
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
is like binging on cotton candy	1
take the warning literally	0
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )	0
revelatory and narcissistic	0
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	1
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
hollywood road	1
a non-mystery mystery .	0
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
deserves , at the very least ,	1
is long on	1
any fiction	1
least	0
as earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
of hype	0
burdened by the actor	0
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
north or south vietnamese	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you	0
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	1
the darkest variety	0
with the terrifying message	0
violated	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
scoob	1
unintentionally	1
transcends ethnic lines .	0
little-remembered	0
warn	0
had all its vital essence scooped out	0
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	0
ahola )	0
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''	1
above the level of a telanovela	0
kong master john woo	0
devastated	0
any after-school special you can imagine	1
good things happen to bad people	1
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction	1
which was shot two years ago	1
is amiss in the world .	0
constricted	0
so often end up on cinema screens	1
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	0
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that	0
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite	0
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash	0
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,	0
pained	0
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	1
blithe rebel fantasy	1
salvos hitting a discernible target .	1
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring	0
sorrowfully	0
see a devastating comic impersonation	0
aliens and	1
too clever	1
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	0
xerox of other , better crime movies	1
8 crazy nights	1
an unruly adolescent boy	1
any recent film , independent or otherwise ,	1
something fishy	1
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama	1
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	1
`` wild ride ''	1
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way	1
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	0
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text	1
parapsychological	1
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	1
even as it points out how inseparable the two are	1
cable channel	0
settle for	0
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	1
possibly the sturdiest example yet	1
it should be poignant	1
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
feature-length stretch	0
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
explicit	1
larded	0
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	1
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism	0
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	1
wo n't still be tapping	1
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
more disciplined grade-grubbers	0
bon appétit !	1
a most hard-hearted person	0
create images you wish you had n't seen	0
nonconformist	1
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	1
mopping up	1
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	1
of other , better movies	0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,	0
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
time fillers between surf shots	0
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices	1
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	1
bad love	1
it promised it would be	1
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	1
energizing	1
major acting lessons and	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	0
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	1
a text to ` lick	1
tv sitcom material	0
than their funny accents	1
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
the preaching message	0
transfixes the audience	1
so crazy !	1
period trappings	0
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	1
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	0
its chicken heart	0
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment	1
another night	1
rise above its disgusting source material	1
money-oriented	0
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	1
silly	1
this movie loves women at all	1
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach	1
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman	1
volletta wallace 's maternal fury	0
melodramatic mountain	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,	0
tanks	0
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
is more interesting	1
agony	0
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
should give `` scratch '' a second look	1
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	0
belittle a cinema classic	0
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored	1
with indoctrinated prejudice	0
goose-pimple	1
open-ended questions	1
crime drama	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch	1
paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short	0
a weird , arresting little ride	0
more damning	1
who is chasing who or	0
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth	1
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable	1
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention	0
cathartic	0
the resourceful amnesiac	0
surrealist	0
disarmingly	1
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,	1
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
the perkiness of witherspoon	1
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
oozes craft .	1
not all that bad of a movie	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ...	0
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	1
are attached to the concept of loss	0
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	0
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity	1
hunk	1
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	0
plateau	1
fairly straightforward	1
seeking an existent anti-virus	1
topics that could make a sailor blush	0
passing twinkle	0
mind-bender .	1
hallmark card sentimentality and	0
a massive infusion	0
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	0
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy	1
be occupied for 72 minutes	0
that puts another notch	0
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship	1
everybody else is in the background	1
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen	1
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food	0
, i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,	1
the histrionic muse	0
hitler 's	0
is less about a superficial midlife crisis	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but	0
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
paint-by-numbers picture	0
grow impatient	0
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	0
provides an invaluable service	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but	0
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors	0
