through sincerity	1
oscar-winning master	1
freddy gets molested by a dog	0
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ,	1
is adequate	1
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had	0
without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
its demented premise	0
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
is funny and pithy	1
shapes history	1
a moving , if uneven , success	1
fresh good looks and	1
offended by his lack of faith in his audience	0
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs	1
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	0
another entertaining	1
no fun	0
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	0
this seductive tease	1
increasingly implausible as it races	0
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing	1
a much funnier film	1
cheapening it	0
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	0
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching	1
's stuffy and pretentious	0
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front	1
to his day job	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	0
quirky and funny	1
guilty-pleasure	1
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards	0
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor	0
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting	0
going to be something really good	1
a '' range	1
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	0
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	1
the usual movie rah-rah	0
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	0
a brilliant , absurd collection	1
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay	0
resourceful hero	1
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
heartening tale	1
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar	0
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy	0
the world 's greatest teacher	1
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea	0
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
moved to the edge of their seats	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but	1
a cool event	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and	0
gorgeous and finely detailed	1
becoming	1
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch	0
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	0
is a pleasant enough dish .	1
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	0
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie	0
this oscar-nominated documentary	1
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh	0
has worked wonders with the material .	1
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	0
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems	1
a really good premise	1
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	0
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and	1
distinctly minor effort	0
it 's hard not to be carried away	1
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
fruitful	1
are immaculate ,	1
it 's a lyrical endeavor .	1
a re-hash	0
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise	0
superior moral tone	1
slam-dunk	1
as it is hard to resist	1
want my money back .	0
great fun	1
is boring	0
from their incessant whining	0
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''	1
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny	1
damn	0
that never	0
, holds the screen like a true star .	1
sharp and quick documentary	1
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	0
, safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
is far less mature	0
one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience	0
being exciting	1
skip the film and	0
revelatory about his psyche	1
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	0
that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	0
though their story is predictable	0
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	1
derailed by bad writing and	0
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
succumbs to gravity and plummets	0
disintegrates	0
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	0
inspires more	1
in the best way	1
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
is not an easy film .	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing	1
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control	1
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	0
and more entertaining , too	1
have made it an exhilarating	1
to trivialize the material	0
offensive , puerile	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,	0
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	1
the film more silly than scary	0
the best ensemble casts	1
a thoughtful , reverent portrait	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas	0
is entirely appealing as pumpkin	1
discloses almost nothing .	0
diverting and modest	1
a horrible movie	0
to get excited about on this dvd	1
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny	0
for anyone	1
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts	0
affectionate delight	1
get out your pooper-scoopers	0
a movie as artificial and soulless	0
aged	0
to gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
lively and engaging examination	1
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances	1
clamoring for another ride	1
an ordeal than an amusement	0
there 's something about mary and both american pie movies	1
flatter	1
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness	0
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
two ideas	1
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	0
very touching	1
be mildly amusing	1
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
this laboratory of laughter	1
it is japanese and yet feels universal	1
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
has become the master of innuendo	1
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum	0
the elements that will grab you	1
the tasteful little revision works	1
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .	0
absolutely not .	0
like no other film in recent history	1
... wise and elegiac ...	1
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten	0
neo-nazism	0
welled up in my eyes both times	1
to video	1
of good sense	1
the creative act	1
eastwood 's loyal fans	1
their hearts in the right place	1
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible	0
the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill	1
they do in this marvelous film	1
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work .	0
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors	0
a lovely film	1
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation	1
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick	1
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	1
has a sure hand	1
find the small , human moments	1
tribute	1
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	0
missed the point	0
seems embarrassed by his own invention	0
still show virtually no understanding of it	0
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes ,	0
off as annoying rather than charming	0
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still	0
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
been too many of these films	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	0
inspirational	1
the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
comedy , caper thrills and	1
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge	0
's equally distasteful	0
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy	0
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it	0
surprises you	1
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes	0
dare i say , entertaining	1
a giant step backward	0
have been much better	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and	1
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film	1
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust	1
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	0
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	1
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
quasi-documentary	1
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	0
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer	0
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
a surgeon mends a broken heart	1
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
, soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
insightfully	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course ,	1
the sick sense	0
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
offering fine acting moments	1
figures prominently in this movie	1
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	1
reap more rewards	1
a showcase	1
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
` comedy ' scenes	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ,	0
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
pleasant and engaging enough	1
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
from this unimaginative comedian	0
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals	1
wisdom	1
are quietly moving	1
be played out in any working class community in the nation	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits	1
truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
thoughtless	0
too slow	0
non-techies can enjoy	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ;	1
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
it 's a dark , gritty story but	1
a welcome improvement	1
unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
who ca n't act	0
plenty of baggage	0
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
possibly the best actor	1
superficial and unrealized	0
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon	1
its relaxed ,	1
dreams ,	1
is as delightful as it is derivative .	1
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
, i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	0
makes up for with its heart	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly	1
unwavering and arresting	1
awkward structure	0
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	1
a nationwide blight	0
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back	1
whimsical comedy	1
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book	0
burns	0
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .	0
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
hilarious and sad	1
the evocative imagery	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	1
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	1
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness	1
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
powerful performance	1
such clarity	1
refusal	0
a grand picture of an era	1
my greatest pictures	1
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	0
everybody loves a david and goliath story ,	1
real audience-pleaser	1
its sense of fun or energy	1
too fancy , not too filling	0
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
creates something more beautiful than either of those films	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really	1
to many clichés	0
is not the director at his most sparkling	0
your toes wo n't still be tapping	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though ,	0
too long , and larded with exposition	0
communicate the truth of the world around him	1
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
it makes absolutely no sense	0
find love	1
going wrong	0
steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it	1
engaged	1
loved	1
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have	0
anyone can relate	1
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
two central performances	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults	0
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career	0
like their romances to have that french realism	1
of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage	0
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
warm and well-told tale	1
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	0
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
no charm , no laughs , no fun ,	0
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least	1
while certainly clever in spots	1
gaping	0
engaging comedy	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	0
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	0
nice twists	1
does so without compromising that complexity .	1
resentment	0
a fascinating examination	1
from the ages	1
will find things to like	1
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment	1
sucks	0
most complex , generous and subversive artworks	1
stirs the emotions	1
solid base	1
( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	1
lacking substance and soul	0
mean-spirited and	0
an ironically killer soundtrack	1
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	0
direct-to-video	0
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery	1
a sappy , preachy one at that	0
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary	0
fun and nimble	1
the central flaw of the film	0
the intensity	1
oppressive	0
developed with more care	1
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes	0
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction	1
painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	1
intelligent , realistic portrayal	1
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing	1
watching intelligent people making a movie	1
it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	0
an engaging and intimate first feature	1
too stagy	0
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety	0
informative , intriguing , observant	1
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
a distinguished and thoughtful film	1
wannabe .	0
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man	0
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	1
loneliness can make people act weird	0
wewannour money	0
plotless collection	0
leaves you wanting more	1
creatively stillborn	0
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
like done-to-death material	0
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty	1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	1
many of these guys are less than adorable	0
sucking you in ...	1
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly .	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and	0
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	1
no new friends	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	1
becoming irritating	0
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale	1
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook	1
a more measured or polished production	1
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best	1
also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us	0
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,	0
it were that grand a failure	0
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	0
suspenseful enough for older kids but	1
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .	1
is this films reason for being .	1
unabashedly romantic	1
of playing with narrative form	1
is too busy	0
irreparably	0
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	0
so crisp and economical in one false move	1
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable	0
resourceful amnesiac	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in	0
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky	1
if you love reading and/or poetry	1
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special	1
of lurid melodrama	0
it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
seem goofy rather than provocative	0
could dredge up	0
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks	0
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs	0
has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .	0
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
drunken driver	0
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before	0
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
, crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
expressively performed	1
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most	0
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	0
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
a long , dull procession of despair	0
it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
nearly as fresh or enjoyable	1
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	0
funny and sad	1
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates	0
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .	1
is n't quite	0
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie	1
a laugh	1
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned --	0
well-structured film	1
small in scope ,	0
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ,	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie	1
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances	0
fresh , sometimes funny , and	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen	0
indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships	1
's so not-at-all-good	0
the enjoyable undercover brother ,	1
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative	1
the tale commands attention .	1
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian	0
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash	0
a meaty subject	1
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like	1
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy	0
irritating ( at least to this western ear )	0
i last walked out on a movie	0
mess ...	0
ultimately satisfying	1
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one	0
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
conceit	0
will likely prefer to keep on watching .	1
a little too smugly	0
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
fragmentary	0
anemic	0
i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that	1
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion	0
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
looks fake	0
at its visual delights	1
bring their characters to life	1
much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
is n't merely offensive	0
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift	1
least accessible	0
's just brilliant in this	1
every bad action-movie line	0
made off with your wallet	0
an interesting technical exercise	1
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
airless cinematic shell games .	0
wondrously	1
marveled	1
an intriguing bit	1
who deserve but rarely receive it	1
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .	1
in your heart	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	0
droning	0
the unusual power	1
joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
skidding	0
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	0
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	0
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	0
respect and affection	1
the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
the things that made the first one charming	1
is also as unoriginal	0
to good actors	1
empowerment	1
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
a dramatic slap	0
stress ` dumb	0
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
pungent	0
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with	1
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	1
evans ) had , lost , and got back	1
moving and stark reminder	1
unfocused	0
above most of its ilk	1
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers	1
insight and humor	1
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	0
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career .	1
lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
a fantastic movie	1
leguizamo 's best movie work so far	1
winning and wildly fascinating	1
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart	1
really , really good	1
solidly entertaining	1
messiness	0
a spirit	1
in middle-of-the-road blandness	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles :	0
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
spirit-crushing	0
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart	1
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
( cool visual backmasking )	1
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
look american angst in the eye and end up laughing	1
ill-considered , unholy hokum .	0
, remains surprisingly idealistic	1
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	1
dumbness	0
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored	0
always entertaining ,	1
the vital action sequences	1
so bland	0
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images	1
too many scenes toward the end	0
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ,	1
that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	0
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama	1
a disquieting and thought-provoking film	1
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
more smarts	1
oddly	0
fly at such a furiously funny pace	1
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
intelligent	1
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
a failure as straight drama	0
this film is part of that delicate canon	1
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy	0
skullduggery and	0
is clearly not zhang 's forte	0
what 's missing from this material	0
as a tragic figure	0
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	0
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	0
sub-sophomoric	0
i do n't think so .	0
a few good laughs	1
cheat	0
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	0
mug shots	0
a slam-bang extravaganza	1
swill	0
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
good news to anyone	1
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man	1
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
an oddly winning portrayal of one	1
paint-by-numbers	0
entirely believable	1
excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )	0
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
a low-budget series	0
to convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
costner 's	1
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	0
movie rapes	0
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is	0
the right choices	1
enthrall	1
stalls	0
soulless techno-tripe .	0
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit	1
was better	1
unfunny one	0
the actors are simply too good	1
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores	1
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut	1
purposefully reductive movie	1
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination	0
have .	1
paul grabowsky 's excellent music	1
are breathtaking	1
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute	1
are n't very bright	0
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ,	1
such a graphic treatment of the crimes	1
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story	0
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still	0
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
of too many story lines	0
with the subject of love head-on	1
oscar-caliber performances	1
will enjoy themselves .	1
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
contains very few laughs and even less surprises	0
you 'll probably love it .	1
cram too many ingredients into one small pot	0
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	1
on the strength of their own cleverness	1
brilliant in this	1
much of the movie 's charm	1
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	0
the punch lines	1
achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding	1
grim future	0
delicately performed	1
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	0
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	0
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen	0
conventional , but well-crafted film	1
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	0
unspeakable	0
feel fully	1
a complete wash	0
an intelligent weepy	1
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
'd prefer a simple misfire	0
about which you can actually feel good	1
insulting	0
a crass and insulting homage to great films	0
a very good viewing alternative	1
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed ,	1
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories	0
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	1
it 's not particularly well made	0
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	1
it 's an entertaining movie	1
character-who-shall - remain-nameless	0
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen	0
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture	1
'll forget about it by monday , though	0
hawaiian setting	1
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .	1
dopey dialogue and	0
since ghostbusters	1
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller	1
is grand-scale	1
beautifully filmed	1
, inexplicable and unpleasant	0
the dullest irish pub scenes	0
necessary to document all this emotional misery	0
some remarkable achival film	1
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget	1
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all	1
the film never feels derivative	1
seventy-minute running time	1
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	0
this surprisingly decent flick	1
in lovely and amazing	1
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images	1
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner	0
cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''	0
and finely cut diamond	1
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional	0
kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
, ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
i liked this film a lot ...	1
macabre and	0
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .	1
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded	1
coos beseechingly	1
on different levels	1
that this bold move works	1
originality ai n't on the menu	0
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .	0
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
minor classic	1
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz	0
that already-shallow	0
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
oleander 's uninspired story	0
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history	1
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	0
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie	0
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
a blast of adrenalin	1
it 's pleasant enough and	1
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been	0
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
inexcusable	0
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women	1
might to resist	0
knee-jerk misogyny	0
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal	0
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ,	1
extravagant confidence	1
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	0
it stinks	0
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	1
worthless	0
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap ,	1
are too immature and unappealing to care about .	0
fare , with enough	1
the triviality	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	0
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	1
horrifying	0
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years	1
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	1
great deal	1
cast is painful to watch	0
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,	1
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
sloppy	0
a satisfyingly unsettling ride	1
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials	0
too dry	0
the problematic characters	0
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction	0
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
a crowd-pleaser ,	1
winning performances and	1
a worthwhile addition	1
crudely literal	0
wonderful , imaginative script	1
positive ( if tragic ) note	1
works on some levels and	1
smart and complicated	1
this animated adventure	1
a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions	1
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band	1
has a good line in charm	1
protective cocoon	1
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement	1
watching junk like this	0
america , history	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	0
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	0
comedies to hit the screen in years	1
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you	0
plodding , peevish and gimmicky	0
dashing and absorbing	1
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	1
pacing and lack	0
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
, `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	1
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination	0
nuanced look	1
guest appearance	1
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	0
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	1
reeking	0
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
decay	0
this pretty watchable	1
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	0
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !	1
fights a good fight	1
inevitably consigned	0
feels less	0
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse	0
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions	1
lack depth or complexity ,	0
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand	0
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher	1
, you know the picture is in trouble .	0
crime drama fare	1
a masterpiece	1
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions	1
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame	1
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
unchanged dullard	0
-- more accurately , it 's moving	1
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
likable	1
has far more energy	1
rape-payback	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	1
high hilarity	1
an exit sign , that is .	0
an enormous amount of affection	1
of the worst films of the summer	0
short and sweet	1
it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
the results are honest	1
( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	0
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids	1
they 'll probably run out screaming .	0
various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
the best of the swashbucklers	1
minor miracle	1
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	0
pretty good overall picture	1
fact ,	1
dry	0
enormously entertaining	1
, refreshingly ,	1
enriched	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking	0
gentle but insistent	1
sweet	1
elbowed aside	0
interesting matters	1
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
in all the right ways	1
a vision	1
engrossing and different	1
an endearing cast	1
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie	0
original and highly cerebral examination	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	1
sparkling newcomer	1
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre	1
shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
randolph	1
fascination	1
perfect performance	1
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	1
're all in this together	1
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie	0
pass up	0
fine performances	1
as good as the original	1
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful	0
an incredibly irritating comedy	0
toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard	0
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome	1
close to being exciting	1
genre cliches	0
, you 're gon na like this movie .	1
the lousy lead performances	0
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	0
reveal his impressively delicate range	1
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
a director to watch	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm	0
sitting through dahmer 's two hours	0
shakes you vigorously	1
time-consuming	0
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room	1
splendid-looking as this particular film	1
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
unhappy	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ,	0
opera-ish dialogue	0
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	0
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	0
, sex with strangers is a success .	1
does n't take itself so deadly seriously	1
to skip it	0
by a sloppy script	0
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special	0
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
rotten	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws ,	0
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	1
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
a striking new significance for anyone	1
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	0
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .	1
all its strange quirks	1
pretty moments	1
good job	1
nightmare	0
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	0
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports	1
that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	1
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
of the best rock	1
are especially fine	1
prime	1
oftentimes funny	1
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
, fits the bill perfectly	1
insightful and	1
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
a retread story , bad writing	0
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting	1
actually clicks .	1
beautiful , self-satisfied	1
makes the clothes	1
of that already-shallow	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity	1
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence	1
stages his gags	0
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ;	0
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	1
the year 's best films	1
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent	1
an uplifting	1
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	0
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
with a flourish	1
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience	1
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	0
, but slow	0
in some delightful work on indie projects	1
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
rises	1
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family	0
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
the best since the last waltz	1
a total rehash	0
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
be me : fighting off the urge to doze	0
silences	0
tired	0
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller	1
big-fisted	1
interesting controversy	1
into this somewhat tired premise	0
, nuanced	1
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
a disservice	0
superb performances throughout	1
layered richness	1
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay	1
deliver a great story	1
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family	1
some problems	0
to forgive that still serious problem	0
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
gently	1
well-made pb & j sandwich	1
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
the relentless gaiety	0
is highly pleasurable	1
is not even half the interest	0
of naiveté and sophistication	1
hate it	0
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey	1
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,	1
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces	0
very light	1
making kahlo 's art a living	1
with heart	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers	0
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
'd probably turn it off	0
but it was n't horrible either	1
describe exactly how bad it is	0
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
blah	0
well-made	1
, like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	0
overstylized , puréed mélange	0
is n't much better	0
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	1
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
never wanted to leave .	1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious	0
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess	0
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
marveilleux	1
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions	1
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
treat for its depiction	1
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment	0
a charmer from belgium	1
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	1
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing	0
the pathetic idea	0
career-best performances	1
from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	0
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did	1
failing ,	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately	1
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	0
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and	1
aimless for much of its running time ,	0
sweet and gentle	1
moving	1
powerful success	1
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone	0
lina	1
its visual imagination	1
keen	1
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid	1
great way	1
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something	0
tickles the funny bone	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street	1
copout	0
a better short story	1
is enormously good fun .	1
many different ideas from happiness	1
the most original fantasy film	1
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories	0
a realistically terrifying movie	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ,	0
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
from being a complete waste of time	0
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
just another voyeuristic spectacle	0
to absurd lengths	0
refreshing .	1
all things insipid	0
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	0
about a horrifying historical event	0
a weird and wonderful comedy	1
is well crafted , and well executed	1
a good three days	1
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy that	1
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
moving and important	1
funny	1
no , i hate it .	0
for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	1
affable	1
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director	1
sudsy	0
this 65-minute trifle	0
's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
's easy to like and	1
, overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
postcard perfect	1
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
this movie directionless	0
light enough	1
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for	1
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance	0
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work	1
is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
cold-fish	0
keep it from being a total rehash	0
shows deft comic timing .	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
is having fun with it all	1
mature	1
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
overrides	0
trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and	1
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .	1
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
, rain is the far superior film .	1
wants	1
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	1
than a stifling morality tale	0
mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed	0
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	1
falls flat as a spoof	0
above pat inspirational status	1
uninteresting , unlikeable people	0
bits funnier	1
with roussillon providing comic relief	1
obviously has its merits	1
gut-clutching piece	1
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
reeking of research library dust	0
experimentation and improvisation	1
tiresome jokes	0
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	0
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition .	0
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***	1
, generosity and diplomacy	1
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity	1
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
prevents	0
's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions	0
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously	0
to term an `` ambitious failure	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	1
the talent is undeniable	1
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	1
undernourished and plodding	0
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him	1
redundant concept	0
nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
not , difficult and sad	0
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal ''	0
a film of quiet power	1
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	1
needlessly confusing	0
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
part of the charm of satin rouge	1
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds	1
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	1
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	1
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain	1
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
prove diverting enough	1
mordantly funny and intimately knowing	1
uncomfortable	0
does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
should see it as soon as possible . '	1
the funniest film	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
award	1
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull	1
at once both refreshingly different	1
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out	1
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ;	0
easily marketable	1
approach to the workplace romantic comedy	1
for excitement	1
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
see her esther blossom as an actress	1
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	0
's a funny no-brainer	1
fingering problems than finding solutions	0
sparkles	1
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing	0
visually masterful work	1
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective	1
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
falls flat as a spoof .	0
a very moving and revelatory footnote	1
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
remain curious about each other against all odds	1
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	0
dashing	1
it also will win you over , in a big way	1
a one-star rating	0
does n't trust laughs	0
the greatest date movies	1
such a flat , plodding picture	0
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative	0
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ,	0
does n't really add up to much	0
-- but certainly hard to hate .	1
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent	0
when it is n't merely offensive	0
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	0
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	1
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights	1
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless	1
an epic	1
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
an intoxicating show	1
delights and	1
hollywood expects people to pay to see it	0
the movie dawdle	0
a fair bit	1
a loud , witless mess	0
embedded in the sexy demise of james dean	1
convincing portrayal	1
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one	1
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title	1
class resentment	0
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it	0
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	0
, ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
a rock-solid little genre picture	1
first-rate	1
no reason to watch	0
chris	1
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
exceedingly memorable one	1
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but	1
the rich promise of the script	1
deals with first love sweetly	1
superior	1
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem	1
eloquent , reflective and beautifully	1
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
discerning taste	1
been , pardon the pun , sucked out	0
sting	0
expert thriller	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but	0
how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
dumb ,	0
at ease sharing the same scene	1
underconfident	0
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and	1
i hate it .	0
describe how bad it is	0
be this good	1
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	0
ponderous and pretentious endeavor	0
is long gone	0
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out	0
with its moving story	1
much worse than bland or	0
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
its sweeping battle scenes	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres --	1
lacks the charisma and ability	0
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
is engage an audience	1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,	1
recycled and dumbed-down version	0
idealistic kid	1
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
utterly static	0
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	1
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
an appealing couple --	1
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	0
oscar nomination	1
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	0
social and political potential	1
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	0
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
too little excitement	0
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .	1
masterpeice	1
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
dull with only caine	0
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ?	0
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	1
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	1
endearing , caring	1
of the problems with the film	0
the sexuality	1
its good qualities are obscured	0
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
one clever line	1
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them	0
, fun cheese puff	1
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
entertaining and audacious moments	1
racial tension	0
a nightmare	0
clunky on the screen	0
his own preoccupations and obsessions	1
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera	1
obnoxious comedy	0
makes all the difference .	1
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
empathy	1
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	0
make for some robust and scary entertainment .	1
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity	1
, director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
a personal low for everyone involved	0
the tear-jerking demands	1
between realistic characters	1
empowerment tale thinly	0
made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid	0
developed characters so much	1
the charm of the first movie is still there ,	1
the product of loving , well integrated homage	1
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	0
works -	1
vividly back	1
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .	1
comic fan	1
is the superficial way it deals with its story	0
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star	0
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth	1
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	1
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer	1
cynical creeps	0
, amusing and unpredictable	1
ailments	0
colorful and controversial	1
losers	0
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .	1
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something	0
that it 's offensive	0
aimless story	0
knows how a daily grind can kill love	1
adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
this is n't a new idea .	0
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry	1
serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
a delightful comedy	1
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	0
this slick and sprightly cgi feature	1
, skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
the central flaw	0
fun or	1
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	1
shows crushingly little curiosity about	0
was hard for me	0
i ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .	1
find in this dreary mess	0
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness	0
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
accomplished and richly resonant work	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	0
most importantly ,	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge --	1
a show forged in still-raw emotions	1
is effective	1
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	0
just another disjointed ,	0
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	0
plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
be patient with the lovely hush !	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and	1
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies	1
a warm , moving message	1
an inconsequential	0
the superficially written characters ramble	0
from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
dishonest	0
, meandering	0
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	0
the best 60 minutes	1
entirely irresistible	1
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
its superior cast	1
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	0
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte	1
skip this dreck ,	0
a first-class road movie	1
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	1
the story 's pathetic	0
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun	1
a dashing and absorbing	1
from pleasing	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	1
all the filmmakers need to do	1
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
classic story	1
is so convinced of its own brilliance	1
popped up with more mindless drivel	0
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs	0
purposeless	0
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty	1
gunfight	0
romp of a film .	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
to have been lost in the translation this time	0
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected	1
as good , if not better	1
a very complex situation	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem	0
loves	1
ill-timed	0
is a movie full of grace	1
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender	1
it 's a masterpeice .	1
it 's impossible to care	0
what 's missing in murder by numbers	0
the unacceptable ,	0
particularly innovative	1
there 's no rooting interest	0
moving tale	1
if it belongs on the big screen	1
repeating	1
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design	1
cliche	0
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )	0
with a humanistic message	1
corpse	0
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks	0
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	0
earnest performances	1
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	1
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
small , sweet ` evelyn	1
unique director 's	1
captivates and shows	1
old pickup skidding	0
unimpressively fussy	0
bland to be interesting	0
is tuned in to its community	1
is born to play shaggy	1
the pool drowned me in boredom .	0
short running	0
understands characters must come first	1
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful	0
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	1
a nice cool glass of iced tea	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director	1
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	1
best espionage picture	1
` cultural revolution	1
appealingly manic and energetic	1
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message	0
a generic international version	0
, it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .	0
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	1
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
berry 's saucy	1
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure	0
suffered and bled	0
, nonsensical and formulaic	0
an almost palpable sense of intensity	1
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
soulful development	1
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	0
many ways the perfect festival film :	1
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances	1
myers	1
real	1
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious --	1
worth	1
is a likable story , told with competence .	1
inert sci-fi action thriller .	0
to its superior cast	1
no entertainment value	0
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly	1
story and pace	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has	1
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe	0
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque	0
episode	1
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency	1
, i enjoyed .	1
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --	0
shines through every frame .	1
its execution and skill of its cast	1
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )	1
that will thrill you , touch you and make you	1
can open the door to liberation .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
's fun , wispy ,	1
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits	1
a passion for the material	1
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	0
such a bad movie	0
wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying	1
overstimulated	0
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to	0
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and	0
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
is well established	1
captivating drama	1
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	1
a well-executed spy-thriller .	1
was lazy but enjoyable	1
leaves a bitter taste	0
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .	1
making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit !	1
, all credibility flies out the window .	0
highly engaging .	1
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	1
of quality	1
miserable and	0
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	0
genres that just does n't work	0
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	0
the most awful acts are committed	0
overstays	0
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe	0
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes	0
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	1
more like the pilot episode of a tv series	0
ultra-cheesy dialogue	0
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
often hilarious	1
a mesmerizing performance	1
the limitations of his skill and	0
as boring and as obvious	0
no chemistry	0
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	1
catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	0
worst possibilities	0
the cheap	0
narcissism and	0
is a copy of a copy of a copy	0
director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997	0
stale , futile scenario .	0
most compelling performance	1
pleasurable	1
pretends to be passionate and truthful	0
repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
slap her - she 's not funny	0
flavorful	1
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
extraordinary journalism	1
crippled by poor casting .	0
amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels	0
broke out into elaborate choreography	1
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
much as i laughed throughout the movie	1
that it stinks	0
the year 's greatest adventure , and	1
excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
the fact that it is n't very good	0
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy	1
preachy	0
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it	1
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow	1
aggravating and tedious	0
engaging story	1
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and	0
powerful and telling	1
, yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
tackled a meaty subject	1
a genius	1
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category :	0
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
horrible movie	0
so flabby	0
violent and	0
disquieting	0
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors	1
to finally revel in its splendor	1
picture that illustrates an american tragedy	1
will likely enjoy this monster	1
has made tucker a star	1
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
settles too easily along the contours of expectation	0
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs	0
, and motorcycles	1
that it counts heart as important as humor	1
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .	1
is worth the price of admission	1
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire	1
slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth	0
romantic tale	1
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
a moral tale	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	1
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
bawdy	0
humor and	1
have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
a gritty police thriller	1
takes a hat-in-hand approach	1
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen	1
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .	1
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
is too insistent	0
with color and depth , and rather a good time	1
bad seeds	0
leaden and predictable	0
snobbery	0
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
deserves to be seen everywhere .	1
clichés , depression and	0
an amazing breakthrough	1
protagonists	1
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut	1
virtually joyless	0
seem like such a bore	0
ca n't rescue this effort	0
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time	0
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
pure adrenalin	1
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	0
clarity and emotional	1
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them	0
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time	0
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	0
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
entertaining on an inferior level	0
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
not only satisfied	1
as both shallow and dim-witted	0
be the movie you 're looking for	1
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	0
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways	0
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie	1
banal and	0
the movie is amateurish , but	0
making the right choice	1
, funny and beautifully	1
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but	0
achievement	1
as tiresome as 9 seconds	0
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	1
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out	0
distressingly rote	0
serves as a rather thin moral	0
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone	1
continues to improve .	1
is a dazzling conceptual feat	1
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment	0
might just be the movie you 're looking for	1
catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance	1
felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting	1
back-stabbing	0
keep you engaged	1
glancing vividly back	1
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	1
is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .	0
just fine	1
flick cliches	0
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets	0
is so different from the apple and so striking	1
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
would quickly change the channel	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity	0
, interestingly told film .	1
with his usual intelligence and subtlety	1
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	1
far the worst movie	0
think it 's in danger of going wrong	0
substantial or fresh	1
wooden delivery	0
of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but	1
the cold	0
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
bold by studio standards	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
, the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled	1
can get past the taboo subject matter	1
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance	0
as best actress	1
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures	1
that rare family movie --	1
best rock	1
little farm melodrama .	0
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse	0
sneering	0
put on an intoxicating show .	1
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm	1
inadvertent ones	0
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
at how much we care about the story	1
could hate it for the same reason .	0
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
disquieting and thought-provoking film	1
, there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding	0
an honest attempt to get at something	1
both refreshingly different	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong	1
aimless for much of its running time	0
the story 's scope and pageantry	1
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio	0
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller	1
the rare common-man artist	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	1
his martial artistry	1
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little	0
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers	1
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually	1
grounded	1
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés	0
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and	0
i liked the movie ,	1
a waste of fearless purity	0
into a cinematic poem	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound	0
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals	0
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement	0
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter	1
unrelenting bleak insistence	0
that deserves recommendation	1
manipulative claptrap ,	0
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
poignant and wryly amusing	1
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable	1
find little of interest	0
allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself	0
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	1
this dreck	0
rare for any movie	1
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	0
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here	0
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	1
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
's invigorating about	1
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism	0
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
poetic force and buoyant feeling	1
this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining	0
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
darkness	0
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	1
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it	0
, the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
go around , with music and laughter	1
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
do n't really care too much about this love story	0
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	1
joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire	0
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
, blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	1
does not translate well to the screen	0
veers into corny sentimentality ,	0
ballsy and	1
immensely	1
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	0
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself	0
pauly shore awful	0
good deal funnier	1
greengrass	1
well-mounted	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
psychologically savvy .	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant	0
can enjoy	1
are having so much fun	1
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	1
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty	1
visceral and	1
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
thriller with enough unexpected twists	1
earns extra points	1
unique residences	1
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle	0
a tawdry b-movie scum	0
a true pleasure .	1
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	1
they 're clueless and inept	0
is n't as sharp or as fresh	0
this wedding	1
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	1
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !	1
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	0
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and	1
scene-chewing	0
a derivative collection	0
like you were n't invited to the party	0
's also nice	1
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
well-edited	1
director peter kosminsky	1
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
scherfig , the writer-director	1
a serious debt to the road warrior	1
gore	0
have given it a one-star rating	0
from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat	1
fanciful drama	1
marginal characters	0
for bathroom breaks	0
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience	0
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy	1
a depressingly retrograde	0
wildly inventive	1
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	1
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment	0
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining	1
is a film living far too much in its own head	0
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw	1
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances	1
walk away	0
`` goddammit	0
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	0
have an intermittently good time	1
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag	0
's one of the worst of the entire franchise	0
is not	0
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time	1
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours	0
a divine monument	1
the positive change	1
that it 's offensive ,	0
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff ,	0
main asset	1
of trashy , kinky fun	1
the film , flaws and	0
sordid to function as comedy	0
a believable mother/daughter pair	1
is so prolonged and boring	0
becomes a tiresome cliché	0
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is	0
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson	0
it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	1
to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering	1
an elegant work , food of love	1
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz	0
as its larger themes	1
its own meager weight	0
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
an equally great robin williams performance	1
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a hilarious adventure	1
miss it	0
you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson	0
takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
disturbance or detached pleasure	0
finding their way to joy	1
uninspired .	0
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	1
failed	0
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts	0
do n't fit well together	0
you wanting to abandon the theater	0
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
's the very definition of epic adventure	1
utter mush ... conceited pap .	0
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas	0
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
enlivens this film	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but	1
with a moral	1
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition	0
, it 's a lyrical endeavor .	1
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
insufferable ball	0
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	0
its convolutions	0
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy	1
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?	0
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters	1
just too silly and	0
ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting	1
it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
's a real shame	0
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side	1
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	0
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year	1
have been astronomically bad	0
hate it	0
the best movies	1
quite beautiful	1
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	1
that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	0
incredibly captivating and	1
that you want to slap it	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study	1
the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking	0
elicits strong performances from his cast	1
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	0
like a typical bible killer story	0
as the novel on which it 's based	1
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	1
the salton sea works the way a good noir should	1
the prospect of their own mortality	1
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	1
i liked the movie , but	1
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	1
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film	1
a creepy and dead-on performance	1
which never reach satisfying conclusions	0
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked	1
not scarier	0
narrative arc	1
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing	1
girl entry	1
utter sincerity	1
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
, there 's something creepy about this movie .	0
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
the most original fantasy film ever made	1
on audience patience	0
new movie rapes	0
the same mistake as the music industry	0
a nonstop hoot	1
like a promising work-in-progress	1
as sci-fi generic	0
dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
big screen magic	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	1
a celebrated wonder	1
inspiration and ambition	1
by extension , accomplishments	1
resonant gem	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	1
a compassionate	1
cinematic experience	1
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	0
a temporal inquiry	1
a quietly moving	1
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	1
snow dogs deserves every single one of them	1
the best script that besson has written in years	1
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even	0
's there to scare while we delight in the images	1
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely	0
this gentle comedy	1
gives these women	1
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	0
genuine insight into the urban heart	1
complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop	0
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further	1
a talky bore	0
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors	1
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight ''	1
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	1
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece	0
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity	1
a bump on the head	0
bungle their way through the narrative	0
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	0
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
hollywood movie	1
too heady for children , and too preachy	0
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse	1
not for every taste	0
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale	0
since freddy got fingered	0
as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration	1
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	1
going to take you	1
buried at the heart of his story	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but	0
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
bad filmmaking	0
pretentious .	0
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
banged their brains	0
got to me	1
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often	1
of this unique director 's previous films	1
the still-inestimable contribution	1
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	1
to the phrase ` fatal script error	0
the filmmakers could dredge up	0
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
it is a failure .	0
are n't so substantial or fresh	0
of the obvious cliches	0
self-righteousness	0
delightful , if minor ,	1
might be best forgotten	0
pitiful	0
score	1
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
're gon na like this movie .	1
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear	1
, he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
with revulsion	0
succeed in really rattling the viewer	1
too campy to work as straight drama	0
, the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	1
works as pretty contagious fun .	1
kinda wrong in places	0
and mordantly humorous	1
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	1
comic energy	1
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera	0
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle	1
watch , giggle and	1
elegant work	1
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions	0
is flawed	0
convoluted	0
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .	1
infuses the film	1
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior	1
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	1
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one	1
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	0
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course	0
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
bargain-basement special	0
thoughtfully written	1
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
this is cinema	1
great dragons !	1
loved the look of this film	1
leave	0
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
without merit	0
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable	0
extraordinary access	1
larded with exposition	0
find it more than capable of rewarding them	1
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community	1
is masterful .	1
hollywood ending is a depressing experience	0
just because a walk to remember	1
exactly assured in its execution	1
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ,	1
, maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
surprising , subtle	1
listless , witless	0
its considerable power	1
jewish parents	1
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied	1
ask for a raise	1
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ,	1
... one resurrection too many .	0
puréed mélange	0
made the full monty a smashing success ... but	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting	0
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul	1
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
is as visceral as a gut punch	1
too good to be bad	1
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness	1
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
humor , warmth , and intelligence	1
daft by half ... but	1
mistaken-identity	0
merchant ivory productions	1
tired , unnecessary retread	0
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
as beautifully shaped	1
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness	0
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible	0
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	1
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	0
of insulting , both to men and women	0
local	1
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro	0
so crass	0
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural --	1
teeth-gnashing	0
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest	0
various sources	1
low-budget hybrid	0
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	1
funny and touching .	1
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music	1
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
damon and	1
film to watch	1
you have an interest in the characters you see	1
the , yes , snail-like pacing	0
most repellent	0
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
noisy and pretentious	0
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering	1
drag along	0
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	1
an unendurable viewing experience	0
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay	1
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
nicely	1
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction	0
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	0
honestly nice little film	1
good , sonny	1
lost its edge	0
a marvel	1
most original	1
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle	0
not a classic	0
occasionally very enjoyable	1
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation	1
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .	0
blazingly alive and admirable	1
too ludicrous and	0
inexplicable nightmare	0
20th	1
brooding	0
a 95-minute commercial	0
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	0
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters	1
rather simplistic	0
dreary	0
should be used to burn every print of the film	0
's definitely an improvement on the first blade ,	1
distanced us from the characters	0
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic	1
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment	1
will find millions of eager fans	1
compassion ,	1
abandon ''	0
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic	0
portray themselves	1
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
gets too cloying	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability	0
the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
, is repellantly out of control .	0
of honest poetry	1
most oddly honest	1
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence	0
bogdanovich puts history in perspective	1
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	1
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	0
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	1
snail-like pacing	0
sophomore slump	0
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	1
refreshing	1
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
the production is suitably elegant	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ,	1
a little scattered -- ditsy	0
very best movies	1
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
it will warm your heart , and	1
as faithful portraiture	1
without overdoing it	1
the lively intelligence of the artists and	1
trotting out threadbare standbys	0
its many out-sized ,	0
could be this good	1
wiser	1
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
` epic	1
metaphysical	1
's a cool event for the whole family .	1
powerful people	1
such an excellent job	1
television screen	1
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .	1
great script	1
popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	0
it a party worth attending	1
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !	0
is better than you might think	1
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	0
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form	1
were wonderful	1
a dashing and resourceful hero	1
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
first-class	1
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that	1
wishy-washy .	0
scare the pants	1
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images	1
a film of quiet power .	1
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music	1
seen 10,000 times	1
as sexy	1
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce	0
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations	1
joyless	0
good actors	1
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
undeniably touched	1
directed and convincingly acted .	1
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	1
acting horribly	0
make italian for beginners worth the journey	1
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions	1
mainstream matinee-style entertainment	1
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .	0
falling short	0
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
circa	1
, lame screenplay	0
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	0
to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	0
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
efficiency and	1
a good video game movie	1
the heart soar	1
spielberg flair	1
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
naked teenagers horror flick	0
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
that work -- is charming , is moving	1
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
seem weird and distanced	0
glued to the screen	1
created a masterful work of art of their own	1
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution	0
that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be	1
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations	0
a familiar road with a few twists	1
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	0
lumps of coal	0
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay	0
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	0
and communicates something	1
quietly moving	1
give committed performances	1
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
's a hellish ,	0
delightfully charming -- and	1
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny	0
into this turkey	0
you actually buy into	1
lane and	1
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie	0
as a masterfully made one	1
are too obvious	0
... hypnotically dull .	0
it 's not very interesting .	0
sensuality	1
a predictable outcome and	0
host to some truly excellent sequences	1
i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill	1
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden	0
if you can push on through the slow spots	0
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary	0
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	0
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .	1
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films	1
one of the worst films of 2002	0
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
, ugly and destructive little ****	0
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
snide and prejudice .	0
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels	0
loss and denial	0
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess	0
generally amusing from time	1
she strikes a potent chemistry with molina	1
uplifting , funny and wise .	1
has little insight into the historical period and its artists ,	0
a collective heart attack	0
the level of an after-school tv special	0
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	1
only so much baked cardboard	0
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either	0
thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
clueless and	0
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	0
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	0
of its critical backlash and more	0
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	1
spiffy bluescreen technique	1
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century	1
superbly	1
witty	1
thoughtful , unapologetically raw	1
moving and not infrequently breathtaking	1
pc stability notwithstanding	0
the wise-beyond-her-years teen	1
the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
left slightly disappointed	0
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	1
love	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
ugly , revolting	0
a generous , inspiring film	1
all the dramatic weight	0
full of stunning images and effects	1
the lengths	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ?	0
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	0
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn	1
charm , cultivation and devotion	1
are especially fine .	1
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives	0
to this film that may not always work	0
camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
thoroughly satisfying	1
virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it	0
a historically significant work	1
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	0
phony imagery or music	0
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater	1
the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
subject as monstrous	0
of common sense	1
more sophisticated and	1
incredibly hokey	0
increasingly implausible as it	0
the audience gets pure escapism	1
big , juicy role	1
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting	1
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	0
freaks	0
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
both the scenic splendor of the mountains	1
a must-see	1
likely to witness in a movie theater for some time	1
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences	0
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
soulless hunk	0
excitement	1
joyless ,	0
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama	1
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	0
yet depressing film	0
schlocky creature	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country	0
a substantive movie	1
anguished performance	0
j.k. rowling 's marvelous series	1
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
a spirited film and	1
do a little fleeing of its own	0
howlingly trashy time	1
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
supremely	1
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy	1
, masterful	1
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
the problem with movies about angels	0
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .	0
with celluloid garbage	0
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat	0
by now intolerable	0
strictly a-list players	1
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
uncommonly moving	1
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '	1
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .	1
a bigger-name cast	1
on `` stupid ''	0
a problem hollywood too long has ignored	0
resorting to camp	0
a better lot	1
savory	1
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	1
check it out	1
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures	0
horrible	0
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest	0
highlight	1
all that matters	1
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,	1
glee	1
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
the humor wry	1
a gorgeous color palette	1
astounds	1
for a touching love story	1
perfectly	1
the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories	1
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
extraordinary	1
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different	1
lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency	0
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .	1
comfortable niche	1
in a class by itself	1
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat	1
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances	0
scariest movie	1
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly	0
familiar but enjoyable	1
an above-average thriller	1
maudlin or	0
co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard	1
a flimsy excuse	0
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	1
jackass is a vulgar	0
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
deeply unpleasant	0
strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
wholly believable and heart-wrenching	1
its story is only surface deep	0
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
raise audience 's spirits	1
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony	0
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement	1
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
is well worthwhile	1
struggles of the working class to life	1
that was n't at least watchable	0
rather unfocused	0
professionals	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :	1
the film is visually dazzling	1
with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
deranged immediacy	1
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	0
perfected	1
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
left slightly unfulfilled	0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	0
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words ,	1
( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	0
no unifying rhythm	0
into a mundane '70s disaster flick	0
the usual cliches	0
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying	1
nausea	0
audacious ambitions	1
something for everyone .	1
bogs down in genre cliches here	0
fails to spark this leaden comedy	0
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	1
're in for a painful ride	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root	1
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
it weirdly appealing	1
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
sickening product placement	0
enjoyable family	1
a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil	1
it lacks in substance	0
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
, lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	0
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical	1
sucked dry the undead action flick formula	0
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --	1
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,	1
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire	0
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable	1
hawaiian shirt	1
a bland , pretentious mess .	0
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids	1
its electronic expression through cyber culture	1
blab	0
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever	1
to be liberating	1
sensual and funny	1
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
` swept away '	1
slapping its target audience in the face	0
the robust middle of this picture	1
robin tunney	1
the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	0
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	1
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,	1
between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
most magical and most	1
not amused by the sick sense of humor	0
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
astoundingly	1
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt ,	1
hackneyed story	0
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	1
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	0
as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances	1
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
with such life-embracing spirit	1
idol	1
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny ,	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
comeback	1
the great films	1
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
simply stupid , irrelevant and	0
successfully blended satire ,	1
without a fresh infusion of creativity	0
an impressive achievement	1
the earnest emotional core	1
if the full monty was a freshman fluke	0
considerable talents	1
inuit masterpiece	1
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films	1
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
his films	1
great character interaction .	1
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	0
glossy rehash	0
a fragmented film	0
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	0
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
a rehash of every gangster movie	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage	1
15 years old	1
contrived , awkward and	0
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness	1
look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	0
overbearing and over-the-top as the family	0
of read my lips	1
is exceedingly pleasant ,	1
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	1
colorful and	1
confused	0
into rambling incoherence	0
witless	0
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
gay-niche condescension	0
attractive young leads	1
bill plympton , the animation master ,	1
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	0
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated	1
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way	0
this colorful bio-pic	1
it is thought-provoking .	1
went over my head or -- considering just	0
the thousands of americans who die hideously	0
often downright creepy	0
of the expressive power of the camera	1
have a great time	1
spirit , perception , conviction	1
exquisite acting	1
, nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .	1
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck	1
elite	1
you 're likely to see all year .	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness	0
feel-good movie	1
the shackles of its own clichés	0
to create something original	1
that would set it apart from other deep south stories	1
nudity , profanity and violence	0
shallow .	0
once intimate and universal cinema	1
the enduring strengths of women	1
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
excruciating end	0
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it	0
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
italian pinocchio	1
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
i walked out of runteldat	0
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	1
bolstered by exceptional performances	1
` grandeur ' shots	1
garbage .	0
wears its empowerment on its sleeve	1
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	0
watching junk	0
in fact , even better	1
expiration date	0
lovely and beautifully	1
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	1
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism	1
it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
enjoyable above average summer diversion	1
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	0
who can out-bad-act the other	0
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
highly pleasurable	1
why sex and lucia is so alluring	1
a fresh way	1
a smart , romantic drama	1
played and smartly directed .	1
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .	1
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad	0
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting	0
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him	1
, the film is extremely thorough .	1
even touch us	1
trash-cinema	0
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
you do n't care who fires the winning shot	0
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change	1
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor	1
a soufflé gone wrong	0
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
a movie with no reason for being	0
can be a knockout	1
which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
of faith in the future	1
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds	1
transcends culture and race	1
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie	1
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	0
his best film	1
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	1
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
dud	0
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points	0
been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
thrown-together feel	0
valley of the dolls	1
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
being boring	0
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film	0
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ,	0
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	0
daft by half ...	0
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark	1
really funny	1
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
less charitable	0
original film	1
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	0
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	0
with the pale script	0
, pretentious	0
bourgeois french society	1
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	0
about tattoos	1
sinks further and further	0
genre-busting film	1
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
is too amateurishly square	0
naturally funny film	1
in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
for happiness	1
over-the-top , and amateurish .	0
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
a drag	0
the players do n't have a clue on the park .	0
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster	0
worst cinematic tragedies	0
sports extravaganza	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry	1
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	0
highly watchable	1
enjoyed .	1
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	0
contentedly	1
not well enough	0
characteristic warmth	1
made him bitter and less mature	0
makes your teeth hurt	0
charismatic jackie chan	1
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	0
to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic	1
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
are lacking	0
your nose	1
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
scant	0
victimized	0
vapid vehicle	0
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
impressionistic	1
wrong with this ricture	0
straight to video	0
universal and involving	1
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	0
that quickly wears out its limited welcome	0
thoughtful and unflinching examination	1
, they 'll probably run out screaming .	0
overly old-fashioned	0
handled well	1
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door	0
stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
most refreshing	1
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story	0
treasure	1
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
is a really special walk in the woods .	1
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves	0
resorting to camp or parody	0
has moments of inspired humor ,	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface	1
crass , low-wattage endeavor	0
a delightfully dour	1
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots	1
it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .	1
whose boozy , languid	0
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
we had to endure last summer , and	0
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form	0
very talented young actors	1
's drab	0
the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language	1
deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	0
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible	0
the better film 's	1
is n't a new idea	0
has not spawned a single good film .	0
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	1
a soul and	1
of your eyes	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	0
margarita happy hour	1
is lacking	0
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	1
it 's not scary in the slightest	0
a lovably old-school hollywood confection	1
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	0
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	1
production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot	1
is even worse	0
will leave you thinking	1
a funny , triumphant , and	1
in this forgettable effort	0
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
are infectious	1
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script	1
love it , too .	1
heartwarmingly	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances	1
heart-felt drama	1
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	0
much tongue in cheek in the film	1
morality , family	1
scarily funny ,	1
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
charming , banter-filled comedy	1
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
sweet and fluffy	1
a pale imitation	0
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around	0
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
director douglas mcgrath	1
filling nearly every minute ...	1
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge	0
a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation	1
it feels accidental	0
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or	0
a great yarn	1
rotten in almost every single facet of production	0
real triumphs	1
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse	0
deathly	0
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence	0
, beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	1
relatively dry material	0
of this so-called satire	0
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
did n't care	0
fluke	0
any age	1
pure entertainment	1
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen	0
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ,	1
epic adventure	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and	0
, one the public rarely sees .	1
any real emotional impact	0
of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
pot	1
nonsensical	0
a bravura performance	1
, red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
soap-opera	0
its ability to shock and amaze	1
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	0
dark areas	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but	0
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
is on full , irritating display	0
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
and often-funny drama	1
with fondness and respect	1
the emotional depth	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	1
enter the fist is hilarious	1
the funniest idea	1
unlike	0
a delicious and delicately funny look	1
through worn-out material	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,	0
about in thick clouds of denial	0
youthful affluence	1
how this gets us in trouble	0
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	0
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
curves	1
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand	0
the formula fresh again	1
, it still works .	1
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun	0
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking	1
duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
the integrity and vision	1
horribly depressing and not	0
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
's fun for kids of any age .	1
notice the flaws	0
it was written for no one	0
stay away	0
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
is beautiful and mysterious	1
of purpose and even-handedness	1
while the third feels limited by its short running time	0
miserably	0
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	1
well-thought	1
deliciously	1
of inspired humor	1
highly predictable	0
so-so , made-for-tv	0
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process	0
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever	1
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit	1
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this	0
weighted down with slow ,	0
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
style and humor	1
fit in any modern action movie	1
dutifully pulling on heartstrings	1
all , a condition only the old are privy to	0
sloppy , amusing	1
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	1
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery	1
offers an intriguing what-if premise .	1
false and	0
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	1
astonishingly vivid	1
musical numbers	1
that satisfies	1
would be a welcome improvement	1
emerges as the very best of them	1
dramatically moving	1
damn funny stuff	1
a great script brought down by lousy direction .	0
to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
convincing case	1
fierce grandeur	1
horrible , 99-minute	0
you missed the point	0
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake	1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and	0
shame	0
worse	0
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show	0
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack	1
like jimmy 's routines	1
a web of dazzling entertainment	1
and it is n't that funny .	0
the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
the best film	1
on a true and historically significant story	1
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
worth sitting through	1
the pristine camerawork	1
, songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
impossible spot	0
perfect example	1
intense and effective	1
ills	0
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
strangely sinister happy ending	1
no foundation for it	0
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake	0
more re-creations of all those famous moments	1
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
false and fabricated	0
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper	1
dumb fart jokes	0
, the hours represents two of those well spent	1
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	1
sade achieves the near-impossible :	1
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	1
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
behavior and severe flaws	0
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	1
of a valentine sealed with a kiss	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative	1
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled	1
a gorgeously strange movie ,	1
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	0
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
every member	1
copycat	0
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
is seriously compromised by that	0
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions ,	1
frame one	1
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	0
silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
is an uncompromising film .	1
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch	1
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly	0
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre	1
it 's won	1
satisfyingly unsettling ride	1
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place	1
usual whoopee-cushion effort	0
there 's something there	1
because he gives the story some soul	1
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year	0
used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending	0
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try	0
highly spirited	1
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .	0
it actually makes the heart soar	1
there 's something vital about the movie .	1
no worse a film	0
every cliché	0
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	0
... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	0
genuine spontaneity	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and	0
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
a treasure chest	1
most daring , and complicated , performances	1
rated eee for excitement .	1
nonsense	0
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .	0
the powerful	1
over-familiarity	0
even bother to rent this on video	0
anticipated	1
insane comic undertaking	1
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
's fun for kids of any age	1
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants	1
cold blanket	0
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint	1
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment	0
a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick	1
more racist portraits	0
, sobering , heart-felt drama	1
a well paced and satisfying little drama	1
though occasionally fun enough to make you	1
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	0
laugh-out-loud lines ,	1
forgotten 10 minutes	0
a fine	1
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and	1
be a new mexican cinema a-bornin '	1
sadistic	0
a key strength	1
seen city	1
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub	0
deep-seated , emotional need	1
fly with most intelligent viewers	1
masterful british actor ian holm	1
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	0
beautifully read and	1
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
too loud ,	0
and refined piece	1
fails .	0
in good measure	1
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
generous , inspiring film	1
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .	0
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	1
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
the movie 's downfall	0
particularly memorable	1
a fantastic dual performance from ian holm	1
heartwarming and	1
complex ,	1
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
exquisite craftsmanship	1
feels at odds with the rest of the film	0
a complicated hero	1
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be	0
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
as hilariously raunchy as south park	1
malcolm mcdowell is cool .	1
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi	0
it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
at least one damn fine	1
a mishmash	0
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes	0
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	1
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
is something of a triumph .	1
irritating	0
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
from a severe case of hollywood-itis	0
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
shock-you-into-laughter intensity	1
weird and wonderful comedy	1
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen	1
of the intelligent , well-made b movie	1
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	0
that best describes this film : honest	1
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional	1
painful ride	0
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
something special	1
the score is too insistent	0
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics	1
of clichés and a dim	0
be liberating	1
sexy and romantic .	1
round out the square edges .	1
in an increasingly important film industry and	1
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply	0
this is one that should be thrown back in the river	0
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	0
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too	1
been there done that	0
at their noble endeavor	1
a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
introduces	1
the border collie is funny	1
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	0
a hoot	1
guilt-trip	0
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong	0
which they have been patiently waiting for	1
a passionately inquisitive film	1
building up to the climactic burst of violence	1
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world	1
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats	1
humanize its subject	1
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured	0
sorority boys is a bowser .	0
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	0
just sneers	0
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	1
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	0
very welcome	1
a bonus	1
attempts to be grandiloquent , but	0
enormously entertaining movie	1
this story about love and culture	1
of interest	1
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	0
a cheap cliché	0
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	1
makes two hours feel like four	0
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place	1
yet feels universal	1
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut	1
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
dramatic interest	1
tens	1
this is a movie full of grace and	1
crowd-pleasing	1
cleaner , and deeper	1
terrific effort	1
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
languorous slo-mo sequences	0
addition to scoring high for originality of plot	1
morality , family , and social expectation	1
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	1
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	1
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
, there is n't much there here .	0
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
is all over the place , really .	0
dullest	0
skip	0
recognizable and true	1
a genuine love story ,	1
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand	1
is to be cherished	1
does n't quite go the distance	0
did n't smile	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious	0
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
heart	1
being neither	0
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view	1
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
of the best of a growing strain of daring films	1
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	1
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	0
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once	0
that takes itself all too seriously	0
as hilarious	1
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year	0
is a feast for the eyes	1
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films	1
lousy	0
a solid base hit .	1
stamina and vitality	1
astonishing	1
gets us	1
more unattractive or odorous	0
original	1
nor a cliché left unsaid	0
garish showcase	0
talented thesps	1
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm	1
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,	0
and unfunny tricks	0
- as-nasty -	0
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	1
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	1
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
fumbles the vital action sequences	0
hitler	0
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
breathless	1
historically significant , and personal ,	1
the film 's cheeky charm	1
pornography or documentary	0
a sense of real magic , perhaps .	1
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry	0
a mess as this one	0
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls ''	1
this poor remake of such a well loved classic	0
an accessible introduction	1
no explanation	0
there is plenty of room for editing ,	0
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration	1
, it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
into the trap of pretention	0
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	0
's icky	0
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	0
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
is something of a triumph	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal	1
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences	0
real-time rhythms	1
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category	0
would -- with moist eyes	1
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	1
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	0
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
darkly funny and frequently insightful .	1
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered	1
, this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke -	0
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed	0
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all	1
the best ` old neighborhood ' project	1
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	0
great material	1
a documentary that works	1
modest	1
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way	1
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	1
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience	1
as predictable as the tides	0
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
thanks to huston 's revelatory performance	1
bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals	1
earnest ,	1
a beautiful food entrée	1
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities	0
with enough action	1
energetic and engaging film	1
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson	1
technically superb film	1
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness	1
the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth	1
rich in emotional texture	1
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
with passion and attitude	1
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	1
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen	1
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	0
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
, murky and weakly acted	0
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences ,	0
i was expecting	0
staggers	0
a clever script	1
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt	0
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags	0
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	1
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
dark little morality tale	1
becomes too heavy for the plot .	0
a predictably efficient piece	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	0
has some unnecessary parts and	0
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece	1
sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife	1
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little	1
bizarre , implausible	0
, and of the thousands thereafter	1
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	1
funny and touching	1
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly	0
the perfect starting point	1
surprisingly decent	1
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women	1
surehanded direction	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and	1
strong script	1
bottom-feeder sequel	0
be shaking your head all the way to the credits	0
, mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
flaccid satire and what	0
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all	1
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
julie taymor 's preposterous titus	0
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) ,	1
the best war movies	1
their way around this movie directionless	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	1
about thoroughly vacuous people	0
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie	1
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains	0
ultimately delivers	1
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
amusing and engrossing	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better	0
satisfying entertainment	1
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	0
are uniformly good	1
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer	1
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	1
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
liked sometimes	1
i loved this film .	1
might like and more experimental in its storytelling	1
, food-for-thought cinema	1
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	1
a rambling and incoherent manifesto	0
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	1
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
a pretty good overall picture of the situation	1
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here	1
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
warmed over pastiche	1
thought-provoking and	1
like running out screaming	0
essentially ruined -- or ,	0
sham actor workshops and	0
clichéd and shallow	0
angry and sad	0
of a self-destructive man	0
for all of us	1
too difficult	0
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue	1
worthless	0
intricate plot	1
weak and ineffective ghost story	0
a valentine sealed with a kiss	1
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy	0
weak and ineffective	0
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot	0
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece	0
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	0
venturesome , beautifully realized	1
high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation	0
of useless actioners	0
crimes	0
light the candles , bring out the cake	1
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	1
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	0
, open-hearted film	1
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing	0
that the e-graveyard	0
an inexpressible and drab wannabe	0
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited	0
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	0
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten	0
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
strolls	1
do n't care about being stupid	0
rewarding	1
that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
unimpeachable	0
ends up as a bitter pill	0
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
memorable zingers	1
`` pretty woman '' wanted to be	1
huge gap	0
winning piece	1
's black hawk down with more heart .	1
a noble end	1
the excellent performances	1
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison	1
different ( and better )	1
seem disappointing in its generalities	0
easy to be bored by as your abc 's	0
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,	0
pointed , often tender ,	1
consistently clever and suspenseful	1
a feel movie	1
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life	0
, is wry and engrossing .	1
honest and	1
it is n't very good	0
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	0
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike	0
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	0
to show us a good time	1
hollow tribute	0
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
botching	0
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	0
a gawky actor	0
well-written and occasionally challenging	1
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song	1
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding	1
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
about sex gags and prom dates	0
black-and-white inspires	1
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis	1
loud and boring	0
redundancies	0
promise	1
bledel	1
a thoughtful examination	1
inventive , fun	1
then just fell apart	0
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	0
old-hat province	0
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
, the film shatters you in waves .	1
a watch	1
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually	1
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
creepy stories	1
perfect show	1
a lot of talent	1
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
new , or inventive ,	1
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel	0
an appealing blend	1
worthy of her considerable talents	1
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '	1
figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	0
sordid of human behavior on the screen	0
well worth revisiting as many times	1
yawner	0
the very hollowness	0
which has a handful of smart jokes	1
cliffhanger	1
by turns very dark and very funny	1
caught but the audience gets pure escapism	1
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone	0
hate to tear your eyes away from the images	1
under-inspired	0
describe as a castrated	0
strong education	1
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances	1
herzog simply runs out of ideas and	0
had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )	1
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
funny , even punny 6	1
an uncompromising film	1
then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love	1
that transcends culture and race	1
a vision both painterly and literary	1
what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	1
best describes this film : honest	1
one of french cinema 's master craftsmen	1
inept and	0
exercise in style and mystification .	1
intriguing story	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but	1
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished	1
worse , routine	0
love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
an inspiring tale	1
's pleasant enough	1
if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees	0
surrounded by open windows	1
bile	0
simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
negatives	0
new relevance ,	1
flabby	0
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	0
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	1
no thanks .	0
sleek and arty	1
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer	0
have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	1
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	1
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and	1
a stirring , funny and	1
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny	0
intriguing what-if premise	1
less than fresh .	0
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
thoroughly dull	0
truly wonderful	1
a potentially good comic premise	1
their cruel fate	0
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series	0
fascinating literary mystery story	1
heartfelt and hilarious	1
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
be glued to the screen	1
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --	1
worthy successor	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	0
odd enjoyably	1
might have guessed	0
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
labors as storytelling .	0
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	1
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché	0
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	0
horizons	1
fails	0
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump	0
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action	0
grievous	0
to make a classic theater piece	1
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	0
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
static set ups , not much camera movement	0
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	0
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short	0
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant	0
without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
i might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	0
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
vital action sequences	1
admirable storyteller	1
such a bore	0
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
its inventiveness	1
one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
no other purpose	0
any insight	1
that good theatre	1
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
slow , predictable	0
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates	1
the incessant use	0
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction	1
annoying , heavy-handed	0
entertaining	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate	1
to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
glory	1
in fact , even better .	1
spreads itself too thin ,	0
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	1
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	0
tender hug	1
this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
amazingly	1
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff	1
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale	1
charm and charisma	1
sugar '' admirably	1
thrusts the audience	1
romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
replete with the pubescent scandalous	0
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
, chilling and heart-warming	1
red dragon '' is entertaining .	1
sparkling	1
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment	1
makes the formula fresh again	1
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
the film is flat .	0
was n't feeling any of it	0
why anyone should bother remembering it	0
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff	1
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	1
's a movie that gets under your skin	1
no aspirations	0
vital comic ingredient	1
is repellantly out of control	0
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	1
are they like humans , only hairier	0
a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
this gorgeous epic	1
call it magic	1
is so clumsily sentimental	0
mediocre acting	0
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	1
's a very valuable film	1
hugely entertaining and uplifting	1
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	0
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming	1
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
cheesy screenplay	0
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for	1
that resident evil is not it	0
barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time	0
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
be the performances of their careers	1
all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain	1
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
like	1
, captures a life interestingly lived	1
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates	1
redundant and	0
creative animation work	1
that something so short could be so flabby	0
is a magician	1
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly	1
staged violence overshadows everything	0
gets around to its real emotional business ,	1
all too predictable and far too cliched	0
charming in comedies like american pie and	1
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	1
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
a compelling argument about death	1
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little	1
a testament to the film 's considerable charm	1
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
nothing too deep or substantial .	0
appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy	1
, hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	0
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
an intimacy	1
younger lad	1
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
gaps in their relationships	0
an inconclusive ending	0
its charms	1
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start	0
is truly gorgeous to behold	1
among the most pitiful directing	0
sharp	1
to be startled when you 're almost dozing	0
in chilling style	1
beauty	1
is one of the year 's best .	1
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence	0
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	0
traditional romantic	1
the cliché-riddled genre	0
good actors , good poetry and good music	1
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
sensitivity and skill	1
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	1
that you and they were in another movie	0
the screen in frustration	0
a pretty good team	1
makes you care about music you may not have heard before	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	1
suffered through the horrible pains of a death	0
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
run-of-the-mill .	0
elaborate choreography	1
much interest	1
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
good	1
assurance	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged	0
unforgivingly inconsistent	0
an off-beat and fanciful film	1
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	1
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	0
is somehow making its way instead to theaters	0
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations	0
ingenuity	1
is the best star trek movie in a long time	1
the best inside-show-biz	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents	1
` cherish '	1
a rare and lightly entertaining	1
strong filmmaking	1
of the better video-game-based flicks ,	1
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
unfilmable	0
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
acted , quietly affecting cop drama	1
worth checking out at theaters	1
so sloppily written and	0
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily	0
fantasy and adventure	1
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent	1
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic	1
the nonstop artifice	1
there is greatness here .	1
your seat , tense with suspense	1
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much	0
of the flesh	1
this disappointed by a movie in a long time	0
very expressive	1
thinking man	1
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic	0
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
very good	1
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score	1
knockaround	1
structure and	1
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	1
touches smartly and wistfully	1
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
is labored	0
rich visual clarity and deeply	1
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week	1
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it	0
it 's all the stronger because of it	1
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults	1
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience	1
this deeply affecting film	1
disjointed	0
spectacularly	1
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	0
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	0
of hackery	0
thrill	1
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	1
satisfying destination	1
silly rather than	0
dated and unfunny	0
rising	1
in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
things insipid	0
as the film has some of the best special effects ever	1
what makes the movie fresh	1
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself	0
ensues are much blood-splattering	0
beyond the end zone	1
the real turns magical	1
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	1
he 's already done way too often	0
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	0
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	1
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time	0
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	1
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	0
gangster/crime comedy	1
that just does n't work	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses	1
potentially trite and overused	0
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
it a failure as straight drama	0
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it	0
the messiness	0
between two gifted performers	1
lovely	1
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes	0
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
really strong second effort	1
aggravating and	0
is fantastic	1
a decent attempt	1
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,	1
's a shame	0
pure escapism	1
champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	0
our best achievements	1
discursive but oddly riveting documentary	1
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should ,	1
a half-assed film .	0
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia	1
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees	0
, sophisticated film	1
, it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	0
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	0
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	0
3000	1
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	1
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture	1
it 's worth taking the kids to .	1
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	1
pretty and gifted	1
this enthralling documentary	1
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	0
with a certain degree of wit and dignity	1
amazing	1
sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments	1
wayward wooden one	0
the hackneyed story	0
like the work of someone	1
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing	0
a true adaptation	1
fall apart	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and	1
worth the concentration	1
optimism	1
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy	1
the stunt-hungry dimwits	0
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
30 seconds of plot	0
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
a well-balanced fashion	1
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek	0
that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline	1
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	1
feel alive - which is what they did	1
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .	0
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	1
the power of this movie	1
bottom-rung new jack city	0
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
pure craft and	1
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	1
so intimate and	1
a rather unique approach	1
thrills the eye	1
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	0
exciting moviemaking	1
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar	0
is an accomplished actress	1
so unsympathetic	0
dreamlike ecstasy	1
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie	1
critical backlash	0
improves	1
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	1
by the incredibly flexible cast	1
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean	1
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism	0
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace	1
as beautiful	1
with the waldo salt screenwriting award	1
really get inside of them	1
witless script	0
the complex , politically charged tapestry	1
, intermittently powerful study	1
susceptible to blue hilarity ,	1
a severe case of hollywood-itis	0
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce	1
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
all-powerful ,	1
that the only rip off that we were aware of	0
is gorgeously	1
sci-fi .	1
mass drug-induced bowel	0
does his sly , intricate magic	1
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones	1
staggeringly dreadful romance .	0
were made for the palm screen	0
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	0
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth	1
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past	1
the storytelling and	1
a consistent embracing humanity	1
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
with grace and panache	1
mediocrity	0
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time	0
's plotless , shapeless	0
suck the audience in	1
in insignificance	0
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
its welcome with audiences several years	1
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and	0
make a big splash	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and	1
hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
wild , endearing , masterful documentary	1
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity	1
must be a serious contender for the title .	1
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love	1
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ...	1
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
well spent	1
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary	1
neighborhood	1
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian	0
were already tired	0
cuisine and palatable presentation	1
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
saddest	0
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
's a liability	0
the color sense of stuart little 2	1
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	1
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	0
asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks	0
glass 's dirgelike score	1
mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
to be mildly amusing	1
the more overtly silly dialogue	0
the curse of blandness	0
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
success	1
o matter how much good will the actors generate	1
meager	0
that pours into every frame	1
that interweaves individual stories	1
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
at best , i 'm afraid .	0
character-driven storytelling	1
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
an already thin story	0
of the highest and the performances	1
predictably soulless techno-tripe .	0
practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	1
superb	1
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
eerie thriller	1
enjoy	1
remarkable yet	1
accomplished work	1
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw	0
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	0
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness	0
occasional smiles	1
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	1
dialogue and murky cinematography	0
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing	1
bear the laughter	1
keep this fresh	1
the real issues	1
naturally charming	1
so hideously and clumsily	0
is a step down for director gary fleder .	0
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself	0
a fascinating , compelling story	1
fart	0
the mayhem in formula 51	0
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	0
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life	1
first-rate performance	1
in a very real and amusing give-and-take	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ,	1
the only pain	0
general boorishness	0
two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
the work of a genuine and singular artist	1
dependable concept	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action	0
left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
the best kind	1
how both evolve	1
hiding behind cutesy film references	0
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
jarring shocks	1
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug	0
of a genuine and singular artist	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film	1
quirky and taken with its own style	1
an irresistibly uncanny ambience	1
so low in a poorly	0
a plodding teen remake	0
in hero worship	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and	1
thought would leave you cold	0
love robin tunney	1
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you	0
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	0
kind , unapologetic ,	1
just dreadful .	0
new star wars movie	1
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
the charm of the first movie	1
any scorsese has ever given us	1
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	1
with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie	1
game supporting cast	1
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	1
abhorrent	0
attuned	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,	0
unfunny and unentertaining	0
gorgeous , passionate	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ,	1
a huge action sequence	1
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories	0
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	0
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,	1
extravagantly	1
does n't quite know how to fill a frame	0
exhilarating place	1
seduce and	1
that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
is astounding on any number of levels	1
effectiveness	1
needless	0
marked an emerging indian american cinema	1
's most substantial feature for some time	1
are acting horribly	0
one of the best silly horror movies	1
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded	1
the lively appeal	1
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	0
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
offer a fascinating glimpse	1
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy	0
endearing and well-lensed	1
while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	1
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	1
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but	1
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
whimsical and relevant today	1
a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
gooding is the energetic frontman	1
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative	0
the thrills	1
enjoyable choice	1
for kids , spirit	1
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
its characters , weak and strong	0
and unsettling subject matter	0
most jaded cinema audiences	0
makes this film special	1
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion	1
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
most good-hearted	1
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate	1
a mexican soap opera	0
that have preceded it	1
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
more mindless	0
a complex web	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,	1
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	0
thrills	1
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	0
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	0
shrill and	0
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	1
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
's a compelling and horrifying story	1
is almost entirely witless and inane ,	0
dubious human being	0
what punk rock music	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	1
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	1
fun with the quirks of family life	1
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ,	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and	0
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .	0
in and of himself funny	1
begins to resemble the shapeless ,	0
creeps into your heart .	1
smarter offerings	1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent	1
the major problem	0
the stale material	0
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	1
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner	0
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly	0
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait	1
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades	1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	1
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes	1
slow and dreary	0
as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination	1
choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic	0
rush to the theater	1
bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
its courageousness , and	1
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
pleasuring	1
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser	1
with pointless extremes	0
earnest dramaturgy	1
beautifully detailed performances	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character	1
comedy since being john malkovich	1
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries	1
profound characterizations	1
intriguing questions	1
an overwhelming pleasure	1
tremendous	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	1
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	0
burning	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and	0
memorable first interrogation	1
nasty comedy	0
polished	1
unendurable viewing experience	0
stiflingly	0
its keenest pleasures	1
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	1
poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
being gullible	0
gets clunky on the screen	0
its good qualities	1
psychological thriller	1
pat , fairy-tale conclusion	1
begging for attention ,	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely	1
makes the heart soar	1
the credit for the film 's winning tone	1
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
this refreshing visit	1
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast	1
strange it is , but delightfully so	1
impossibly contrived situations	0
should appeal to women	1
like a bad soap opera	0
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
war 's	0
inspiration and	1
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	1
urban comedy	1
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful	1
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair	0
refreshing visit	1
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining	1
erotic	1
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	1
looking like something wholly original	1
refreshing and comical	1
effective	1
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	1
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .	1
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	0
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor	1
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness	1
soul-searching	1
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature	1
is simple but absorbing	1
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
prefabricated story elements	0
no place for this story to go but down	0
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	1
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
it may scream low budget ,	0
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience	1
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable	0
some terrific setpieces	1
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
resemble the shapeless	0
the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
efficiently	1
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy	1
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
rare directors	1
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience	0
ol'	1
's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	0
smartly and	1
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you :	1
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .	0
updating works surprisingly well	1
one of the most splendid	1
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama	0
no-surprise series	0
, ugly , irritating	0
supremely unfunny and unentertaining	0
is plainly dull and visually ugly	0
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio	1
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	0
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss	1
they ca n't go wrong .	1
a more annoying , though less angry	0
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
dramatic urgency	1
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	1
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	0
's still not a good movie	0
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy	1
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	1
stopped challenging himself	0
an exhilarating new interpretation	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword	1
oddly whimsical	1
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
brisk hack	0
wonderful performances	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find	0
the rich and sudden wisdom ,	1
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago	0
great cinema	1
faithful portraiture	1
vulgar , sexist , racist humor	0
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie	0
good vampire tale	1
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	0
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling	1
trying to be other films	0
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away	1
fresh-faced	1
it comes off as annoying rather than charming	0
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline	0
one-of-a-kind tour de force	1
ethical and philosophical	1
most horrific	0
and paper-thin supporting characters	0
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool	0
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	1
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make	1
far-fetched	0
laugh their *** off	1
loveable or otherwise	1
a lousy script	0
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	0
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	0
will surely be profane , politically	0
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic	1
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	1
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite	1
particularly joyless ,	0
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula	0
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension	1
because of its epic scope	1
fascination ,	1
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	1
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music	1
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	0
odd and intriguing	1
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
begins on a high note	1
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
kid-empowerment fantasy	1
grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .	1
surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	1
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time	1
that stubbornly refused to gel	0
is not as well-conceived as either of those films	0
's no place for this story to go but down	0
those gimmicks	0
most brilliant and brutal uk crime film	1
's lovely and amazing	1
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and	1
listless , witless , and	0
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
comparatively sane and healthy	1
lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	0
humorous and	1
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic	1
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm	1
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm	1
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks	0
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	0
plodding picture	0
crowd-pleaser	1
an artist who is simply tired	0
's updating works surprisingly well	1
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences	0
is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...	1
commercialism all in the same movie	0
damaged-goods people	0
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you	0
appropriately cynical social commentary	1
producer john penotti	1
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue	0
a trifle	0
an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
a staggeringly compelling character	1
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord	1
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	1
refreshing to see a romance this smart	1
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	0
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are	1
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot	0
fairly ludicrous plot	0
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
potentially interesting	1
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies	1
perfectly pleasant	1
rich , bittersweet israeli documentary	1
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness	1
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
its old-hat set-up and	0
the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation	1
regard	1
stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	0
, well-shaped dramas	1
pretty much delivers on that promise .	1
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
enchanting	1
elizabeth hurley 's	1
as simultaneously funny	1
albeit a visually compelling one	1
on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
jaw-droppingly superficial	0
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar	0
which makes its message resonate .	1
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
fall 's	1
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt	0
a charming , banter-filled comedy	1
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast	1
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic	0
all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .	0
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
said the film was better than saving private ryan	1
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ,	1
the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos	0
even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	0
terrific role	1
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism	1
is still charming	1
big-hearted and	1
acute writing	1
the horrible pains	0
some robust and scary entertainment	1
a disaster of a story ,	0
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and	1
rouses us .	1
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake	0
tootsie knockoff .	0
the picture itself is somewhat problematic	0
liked the movie	1
what 's with all the shooting	0
believable and	1
do n't bother	0
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life	1
colorful , joyous celebration	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	1
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
so pat it makes your teeth hurt	0
funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	0
sick sight	0
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics	1
buoyant energy level	1
a dreadful day in irish history	0
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks	0
that makes you feel genuinely good	1
awry	0
ludicrous and	0
a sharp and quick documentary	1
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	0
trademark misogyny	0
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate	0
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
the amazing spider-man	1
in trapped	0
you 'll love this movie .	1
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	0
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	0
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	0
under-rehearsed and lifeless	0
a frightening and compelling `	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama	0
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it	0
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and	0
dialogue and inventive moments	1
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie	1
true-blue	1
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	1
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles	0
underdeveloped effort	0
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow	0
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation	1
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	0
is wry and engrossing .	1
constantly touching	1
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies	1
such a perfect medium for children	1
even betters it	1
gets old	0
colors the picture in some evocative shades	1
all the verbal marks it should	1
an excellent sequel .	1
some corny television	0
funny and wise	1
a triumph ,	1
to seek and strike just the right tone	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	0
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
and for all the wrong reasons besides .	0
it 's so not-at-all-good	0
lowered your entertainment standards	0
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	0
expected flair	1
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me	1
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie	1
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
in as much humor as pathos	1
wives are worse	0
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
quirky drama	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	1
a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
love and culture	1
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
a nightmare	0
remarkable film	1
to have fun with it	1
like a can of 2-day old coke .	0
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future	1
fully forgotten	0
animated filmmaking since old walt	1
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	1
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,	1
quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself	1
terrific computer graphics	1
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk	1
engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces	1
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	1
is brilliant , really .	1
has solid acting and a neat premise	1
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do	1
visual flair	1
layered , well-developed characters	1
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours	0
no wit	0
beautifully acted	1
richly	1
an expert thriller	1
vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
what a concept	1
french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	0
great	1
orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	1
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	0
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	1
too-frosty	0
sexy , and rousing	1
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention	0
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion	1
some modest amusements	1
successes	1
the strange horror	0
not only better	1
energy , intelligence and verve	1
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	0
entertaining documentary	1
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some	1
superficial characters	0
well-developed	1
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment	1
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
the pacing is often way off and	0
takes its title all too literally .	0
crack cast	1
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	0
working-class subjects	1
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films	1
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
incredibly irritating	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home	1
curious	1
smarter and subtler	1
you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie	0
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world	1
visually masterful	1
is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	0
the wonderful cinematography	1
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
achieved	1
dreadful	0
not a trace of humanity or empathy	0
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel	0
that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal	1
the ya-ya sisterhood	1
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things	0
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit	1
cinema 's directorial giants	1
otherwise good movie	1
middle eastern world politics	1
sub-par	0
an increasingly important film industry	1
what punk	0
nothing happens ,	0
it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
they see the joy the characters take in this creed	1
and altogether creepy	0
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights	1
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth	1
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
good	1
against the maker 's minimalist intent	0
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
honored screen veteran	1
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	0
an infuriating film .	0
makes two hours feel like four .	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books	0
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad	1
an actress she is	1
, the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ,	1
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off	0
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
so much fun	1
like to skip but film buffs should get to know	1
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films	0
in other words , about as bad a film	0
this 20th anniversary edition of the film	1
what 's the russian word for wow !? '	1
can seem tiresomely simpleminded	0
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
lot to be desired	0
freshman	1
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours	0
empty , purposeless	0
gripping portrait	1
inherently	1
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor ,	1
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat	1
slick and sprightly cgi feature	1
turned down	0
desperate miscalculation	0
kicks into gear	1
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario	0
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
great submarine stories	1
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
, violent and mindless	0
attractive	1
sewer rats	0
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	0
a little less charm	0
brims with passion	1
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards	0
bonus	1
indie of the year , so far	1
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
eloquence	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and	1
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	0
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	0
rather slow beginning	0
for two movies	1
striking villains	1
a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	0
creative urge	1
where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating	0
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard	0
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	1
dime-store psychology	0
the beauty	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail	1
an entertaining mix	1
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	0
behold in its sparkling beauty	1
for good	1
, well-crafted family film	1
intellectually and logistically	1
an impeccable study in perversity .	1
irritating soul-searching garbage .	0
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	0
a poignant comedy that offers food for	1
superior crime movie	1
a truly annoying pitch	0
ear-pleasing songs	1
unoriginal mess	0
of good acting	1
of the most highly-praised disappointments i	0
original fantasy film	1
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death	1
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else	0
especially with the weak payoff	0
mr. chabrol 's subtlest works	1
whole lot scarier	1
an honest and loving one	1
be a huge cut of above the rest	1
is both a snore and utter tripe	0
near miss	0
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others	1
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner	1
clear-cut	1
none of this is very original , and	0
a real shame	0
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion	1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film	0
what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
well-deserved reputation	1
uplifter	1
unholy hokum	0
fun-for-fun	1
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,	0
crafted picture	1
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	1
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	1
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility	1
gentle , touching story	1
the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	1
sharp objects	1
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek	0
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores	1
felt trapped and with no obvious escape	0
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that	0
( a ) mess .	0
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it	1
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
raffish charm	1
moves between heartbreak and rebellion	1
is just generally insulting	0
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly	0
improperly hammy performance	0
a good , hard yank	1
, interest can not be revived .	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	1
fear and paranoia	0
a clear point	1
becomes predictably conventional	0
rare and lightly entertaining	1
creepy-scary thriller	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and	1
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	0
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	0
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein ,	0
repugnant	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ,	0
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	0
i did n't care .	0
even more damning --	0
a paunchy midsection ,	0
its decrepit freaks	0
better actor	1
baffling mixed platter	0
baffled by jason x.	0
personal tragedy	0
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
silly but strangely believable	1
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
are married for political reason	0
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
the acting is n't much better .	0
makes this a high water mark for this genre .	1
a major waste ...	0
alienation	0
timely and important	1
dazzling dream	1
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	0
feeling a part of its grand locations	1
it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch	1
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
flailing reputation	0
epic treatment of a nationwide blight	1
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
shrewd and effective film	1
sustains interest	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
a soulless hunk	0
are more silly than scary	0
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	0
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand	1
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
genuinely moving and	1
uniquely itself	1
's nothing to gain from watching they	0
terrific job	1
just that it 's so not-at-all-good	0
disposable , kitchen-sink homage	0
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	0
does no justice	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ;	1
the term epic cinema	1
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ,	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,	0
, or inventive	1
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
joy and energy	1
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand	0
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
sane and breathtakingly	1
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	1
wears out	0
the result is somewhat satisfying --	1
cause parents a few sleepless hours --	0
good news	1
is appealing	1
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre	0
pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
andie macdowell	1
ultimately unpredictable	1
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment	1
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .	0
a wonderful thing	1
proves it 's never too late to learn	1
is ultimately	1
to the background -- a welcome step	1
can do no wrong with jason x.	1
we never feel anything for these characters	0
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances '	1
that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career	1
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	0
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
too much of a plunge	0
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes	0
fact and fancy with such confidence	1
what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
comes alive	1
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations	0
never quite justifies its own existence .	0
be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
be intimate and socially encompassing	1
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	1
another classic	1
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	0
's pretty stupid	0
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
any other kind of intelligent humor	1
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	1
with the delight of discovery	1
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ,	1
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks	0
( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
in a new way	1
it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .	1
of flatly	0
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	0
surprising discovery	1
a heartfelt romance	1
of the other	1
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	0
it 's a thin notion	0
fresh , entertaining comedy	1
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	1
it 's so lackluster	0
need of some trims	0
with a chase to end all chases	1
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic	0
know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
short of true inspiration	1
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
ick '	0
incoherence and sub-sophomoric	0
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ...	1
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	0
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture	1
deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
finest	1
to the experience	1
slog	0
its worthy predecessors	1
disturbing	0
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs	0
make a delightful comedy centering on food	1
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
furiously funny pace	1
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	1
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances	0
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment .	1
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
exceeds expectations .	1
in the	1
, realistic portrayal	1
is a successful one .	1
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
smooth and professional	1
found a tough beauty	1
drunken	0
inject farcical raunch	0
an honest , sensitive story	1
as pure composition and form --	1
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be	1
it 's not entirely memorable	0
, resonant gem	1
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	1
it 's better than the phantom menace .	1
most ingenious film	1
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand	0
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
for no one	0
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project	0
like a party	1
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride	1
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .	0
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
extraordinary	1
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
contenders	1
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad	1
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction	1
affable if not timeless	1
'' winner	1
the film is a hilarious adventure and	1
to long for the end credits	0
the disadvantage of also looking cheap	0
` dumb	0
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
gooding is the energetic frontman ,	1
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss	0
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary	0
offensive and	0
to her inventive director	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ...	1
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed	0
in clichés and mawkish dialogue	0
bloated	0
by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
were less densely plotted	0
of unfaithful	0
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose	0
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	1
magnetic performance	1
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
farts , urine , feces	0
've seen before	0
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
sometimes tedious	0
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
, actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
stuffs his debut	0
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace	0
accomplished	1
tragic )	0
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --	0
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .	0
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	0
this is not an easy film .	0
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	0
it is a good and ambitious film	1
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
as inept	0
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	1
showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
fulfill its own ambitious goals	1
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure	0
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition	0
definitely tasty and sweet	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it	1
airy cinematic bon bons	1
affectingly	1
soon-to-be-forgettable	0
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
still seems timely and important .	1
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
farts , urine ,	0
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
life-changing chance encounters	1
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and	1
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life	1
a landmark	1
a beauty to behold	1
if somewhat standardized ,	1
is too mainstream	0
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
talented performers	1
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression	0
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .	0
most multilayered and sympathetic	1
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
violent and mindless	0
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material	0
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --	1
does not really	0
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	0
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations	0
just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	0
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	0
tiresomely simpleminded	0
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
stereotypes	0
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
presented with universal appeal	1
worst way	0
detailed personal portrait	1
she-cute	1
disappoints	0
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring	0
beautifully	1
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ;	1
a smart , nuanced look at de sade	1
watered down the version of the one before	0
the unexplainable pain	0
created a provocative	1
'll cry for your money back .	0
like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
wanes	0
out-of-kilter	0
nominated for an oscar	1
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	0
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ,	1
's awfully entertaining to watch	1
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	1
already overladen with plot conceits	0
frustrating ` tweener '	0
life and beauty	1
sad nonsense , this	0
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
delightful cast	1
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery	0
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers	0
humbuggery ...	0
for a few comic turns	1
to be that rarity among sequels	1
to surprise us with plot twists	1
dwindles	0
to be the cat 's meow	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	1
, the film certainly does n't disappoint .	1
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	0
by characters so unsympathetic	0
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
is a disaster	0
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick	1
find it baffling	0
's always enthralling .	1
the result is somewhat satisfying	1
cinematic punishment	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters	0
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	1
genuine and singular artist	1
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile	1
the thrill	1
highly watchable , giggly little story	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	0
pure disney	1
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie	0
thoughtful	1
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	0
a clear-eyed chronicle	1
too clumsy in key moments	0
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
spite of it	1
nicely	1
very	1
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
's more enjoyable than i expected , though	1
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
psychologically revealing .	1
a bad movie ,	0
a movie about the power of poetry and passion	1
uncomfortably real	1
the folly of superficiality that is itself	0
underrated professionals	1
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare	0
narcissism and self-congratulation	0
for lameness	0
wise and deadpan	1
plain , unimaginative	0
a sense of dramatic urgency	1
cool crime movie	1
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	1
is born to play shaggy !	1
a quaint ,	1
outright bodice-ripper	1
of all those famous moments	1
his inspiration	1
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight	0
in its laid-back way	1
like a cold old man going through the motions	0
are terribly wasted .	0
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release	0
of the victorious revolutionaries	1
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and	0
the gift of tears	1
such blatant and sickening product placement	0
on a board	1
withered	0
soar .	1
a gratingly unfunny groaner	0
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream .	1
a very real and amusing give-and-take	1
should not be missed	1
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
wildly entertaining	1
leaves no southern stereotype unturned	0
as an eloquent memorial	1
a slight but sweet film	1
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	1
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .	1
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina	0
doze off for a few minutes	0
profanity and violence	0
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination	0
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	1
to care about the character	1
the incredible storyline	1
new	1
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie :	0
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
of the family vacation	1
garbage	0
should stick to his day job	0
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
buy is an accomplished actress ,	1
be really awful	0
slam-bang	1
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking )	1
the songs translate well to film	1
getting there is not even half the interest .	0
tortured and	0
gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
there are moments of hilarity to be had .	1
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	0
makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
predisposed to like it	1
like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
` direct-to-video ' release	0
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
probably the best case for christianity	1
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen	0
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
with an appropriate minimum of means	1
scratch a hole in your head	0
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	0
disposable	0
manages a neat trick	1
hard-hitting	1
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	1
warm , moving message	1
of the finest films of the year	1
thought out	1
irony-free	1
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	1
`` sorority boys '' was funnier	0
disturbing .	0
these people mattered	1
no idea what in creation is going on	0
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .	1
a re-hash of the other seven films	0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but	0
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	0
breathes extraordinary life	1
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
at his 12th oscar nomination	1
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets	1
they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
this movie got me grinning .	1
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	1
her agreeably startling use	1
soap opera that tornatore was right to cut	0
no amount of good acting	0
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom	1
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions	1
recommend it for its originality	1
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made	0
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
ear-pleasing	1
engage an audience	1
an interesting psychological game	1
is able to visualize schizophrenia	1
funniest and most accurate depiction	1
meandering ending	0
and slack direction	0
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	0
, memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	1
sadly	0
lacking any sense of commitment	0
's just brilliant in this .	1
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	1
helped	1
a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
rich and luscious	1
you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
lyrical and celebratory vision	1
's uninteresting .	0
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	0
a predictable outcome and a screenplay	0
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release	1
buoyant romantic comedy	1
its leaden acting , dull exposition and	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one	1
seen to better advantage on cable	0
most of the characters forget their lines	0
has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream	1
that the film never feels derivative	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,	0
memorable	1
flaws , but also	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break	0
sacrificing its high-minded appeal	0
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
looking for a return ticket to realism	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	0
deserves to be seen everywhere	1
, i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	1
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best	1
singing and finger	1
brisk , reverent , and subtly different	1
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
watching it was painful	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and	1
incoherence reigns .	0
favored	1
its director 's cut glory	1
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it	1
is a tired one ,	0
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
of a poetic	1
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
the unfulfilling , incongruous ,	0
's just merely very bad .	0
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
ill-advised	0
of international acclaim	1
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending	0
boring , self-important stories	0
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	0
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't	0
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time	0
are simply intoxicating .	1
the problem with the film	0
a pleasant and engaging enough sit	1
misguided acts of affection	0
is never clear .	0
this man so watchable	1
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids	1
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ,	0
a pretentious and	0
the level of marginal competence	0
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy	0
kilt-wearing jackson	0
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
creepiest conventions	0
a hilarious ode to middle america	1
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	0
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree	1
, you can feel the love .	1
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	0
me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	1
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry	1
misses its emotions	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember ''	1
tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
succeeds through sincerity	1
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	1
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	0
that even its target audience talked all the way through it	0
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
good simmer	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	1
works its magic	1
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .	1
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend	1
immensely appealing couple	1
incapable	0
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	1
murder	0
idol 's	1
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did	1
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile	1
participation	1
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
hollow mockumentary	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing	1
overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes	0
nice change	1
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of	0
the kind of ` laugh therapy '	1
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
heroine	1
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book	0
guilt	0
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
clever pseudo-bio	1
libido film	1
a true delight .	1
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious ,	1
cultural elite	1
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	1
to place blame	0
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths	1
what may be the performances of their careers	1
distasteful and downright creepy	0
breaking new ground	1
tiring	0
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	0
was n't just bad	0
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble	0
struggling nobody	0
an affected malaise	0
to induce sleep than fright	0
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is	0
run-of-the-mill profanity	0
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone	1
this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
no	0
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world	1
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
's far too tragic	0
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	0
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture	0
funny and , in the end , very touching	1
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	0
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together	0
wears thin	0
much of what we see is horrible but	0
a beguiling freshness	1
heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
is bound to appreciate	1
a love affair	1
elicit a chuckle	1
fun adventure movie	1
none of this sounds promising	0
is difficult to fathom .	0
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	0
fans clamoring for another ride	1
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
the artwork	1
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	0
cinema history as the only movie ever	1
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	1
halfwit	0
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	0
disease-of-the-week	0
visual delights	1
elbowed aside by one-liners	0
lousy way	0
misery	0
gracious , eloquent film	1
and engaging film	1
satisfies ,	1
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	0
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	0
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	0
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --	1
cut their losses	0
fine production	1
knows how to tell us about people .	1
touched by this movie	1
impenetrable and	0
needed so badly but what is virtually absent	0
's a fantastic movie	1
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
a cinematic postcard	1
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity	1
small-budget	0
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	1
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
be very sweet indeed	1
illuminating study	1
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	1
its own ludicrous terms	0
, introspective and entertaining	1
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
offering fine acting moments and	1
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
, even the funniest idea is n't funny .	0
, the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
in genre cliches	0
dissing the film	0
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	0
but it would be better to wait for the video .	0
make for one splendidly cast pair	1
achingly honest	1
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product	0
uninvolving storytelling	0
is hugely overwritten ,	0
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
perfect in their roles	1
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images	1
as ugly as the shabby digital photography	0
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	0
super -	1
one of the worst of the entire franchise	0
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic	1
does n't drag an audience down	1
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
cheesy commercialism	0
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .	1
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing	0
a stylish cast and	1
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	0
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids	1
absurdly simplistic	0
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	0
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama	0
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
in heaven	1
all-time low	0
that is fully formed and remarkably assured	1
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem	1
this orange has some juice ,	1
does n't disappoint .	1
dime-store ruminations	0
, reverent , and subtly different	1
great time	1
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew	0
real vitality	1
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered	0
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb	1
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
the best and most mature comedy	1
notable	1
constantly defies expectation	1
dim-witted and	0
, ingenious	1
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare	1
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them	0
is a fragmented film	0
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time	0
a bad movie	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling	1
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
sentimental , hypocritical	0
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
a ragbag of cliches .	0
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland	0
clichés and sneering humor	0
finest non-bondish performance	1
once called ` the gift of tears	1
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	1
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack	1
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
not that any of us	0
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy	1
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	1
inventiveness	1
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	0
that trademark grin	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset	0
informative , intriguing , observant ,	1
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are	0
actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry	1
because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
from this choppy and sloppy affair	0
flat dialogue	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
satirical touches	1
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and	0
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
a juicy soap opera	1
intensely	1
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really	0
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	0
glaring and unforgettable .	1
stunningly trite	0
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm	1
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film	1
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	1
even predictable remake	0
an overexposed waste of film	0
, it 's also somewhat clumsy .	0
loves its characters and communicates something	1
'll love it and probably want to see it twice	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century	1
everlasting	1
enthralling documentary	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	0
sappy situations and dialogue	0
gripping documentary	1
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,	0
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
with little visible talent and no energy	0
who comes to america speaking not a word of english	0
potentially good comic premise	1
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
imaginative filmmaker	1
of misogyny and unprovoked violence	0
a compelling coming-of-age drama	1
spectacularly	1
a story of dramatic enlightenment	1
particularly memorable or even all that funny	0
some visual virtues	1
this quirky soccer import is forgettable	0
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
a worthwhile documentary	1
he gives the story some soul	1
is magnetic as graham	1
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	1
then triple x marks the spot .	1
should get a pink slip	0
with humor , warmth , and intelligence	1
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent	1
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid	0
's worse , routine	0
tripe	0
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do	1
spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )	1
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	1
without in any way demeaning its subjects	1
is a movie you can trust .	1
a fascinating profile	1
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	1
autistic	0
the film works well enough to make it worth watching	1
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
unexpectedly giddy viewing	1
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	0
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten	1
seem more like medicine	0
a whole lot	1
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes	1
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
contriving	0
odd and weird	0
somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton	1
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse	0
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	0
can be made on the cheap	0
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
makes as much of a mess as this one	0
contradicts	0
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
generic thriller junk .	0
, consistently funny .	1
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .	0
hitting below the belt	0
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
good b movies	1
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and	1
with great sympathy and intelligence	1
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .	1
be patient with the lovely hush	1
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise	1
change watching such a character	1
, this is a must !	1
is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '	1
no solace here , no entertainment value	0
totalitarian	0
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	1
daft by half ... but supremely good natured	1
fun-loving libertine	1
that will keep them guessing	1
huppert ... is magnificent	1
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	0
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days	1
too much of storytelling	0
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy	1
the story subtle and us in suspense	1
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment	1
a work of enthralling drama	1
the picture is so lovely toward the end	1
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness .	1
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or	0
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
reach much further than we imagine .	1
feel cheated	0
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	0
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie	1
has little wit and no surprises .	0
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	1
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem	1
trash-cinema roots	0
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
come to life	1
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	1
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	0
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
surprise us	1
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	0
but certainly hard to hate	1
barely shocking ,	0
, it 'll only put you to sleep .	0
assault	0
with so much first-rate talent	1
, bad , bad movie	0
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction	1
never really busts out of its comfy little cell	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and	1
seeing this trite , predictable rehash	0
keep our interest	1
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	0
seduce and conquer	1
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	1
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces	1
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
may look cool	1
the shadowy lighting	1
a good race ,	1
crack a smile	1
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point	1
this is n't a movie	0
deadpan tone	0
could be so light-hearted ?	1
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters	1
heartfelt conviction	1
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance	1
desirable	1
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .	1
did the screenwriters just	0
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading	0
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
doing its namesake proud	1
company once again dazzle and delight us	1
, it 's badder than bad .	0
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie	1
spectacular	1
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché	0
effort and	1
undercuts	0
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone	1
so sloppy , so uneven	0
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
pomposity	0
perfect comic timing	1
in the songs translate well to film	1
a cold movie	0
, inconsistent , dishonest	0
complete denial about his obsessive behavior	0
keep the film entertaining	1
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure	1
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	0
is about to turn onto a different path	1
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure	0
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman	0
imaginative and successful	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play	1
one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
cho 's latest comic set	1
leaps over national boundaries	1
a perfect family film	1
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	0
hand in hand	1
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences	1
since its poignancy hooks us completely	1
a hunky has-been	0
greatness	1
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash	0
enigma is well-made ,	1
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
into an a-list director	1
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life	1
one of the year 's best films	1
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair	1
a world of hurt	0
the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice	0
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
picked me up , swung me around	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's	1
film a must	1
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy	1
nervous	0
a workable primer	1
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
punch and depth	1
just too silly	0
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable	1
easy to watch	1
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
rowdy slapstick	1
the clever credits roll	1
enjoyable trifle	1
a rather brilliant little cult item	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history	1
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ,	1
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	0
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
of the potential for sanctimoniousness	0
i usually dread encountering the most	0
deceptively amusing	1
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .	1
beloved genres	1
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion	0
sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
strolls through this mess with a smug grin ,	0
the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine	0
abysmally	0
flat run	0
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	0
its overinflated mythology	0
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	1
irreparably drags the film down .	0
is an extraordinary film , not least	1
volatile	0
a music scene that transcends culture and race	1
rich in shadowy metaphor	1
, imagination and insight	1
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	0
, stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2	0
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy	1
be something really good	1
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
the amazing film work	1
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
failing	0
plainly dull and visually ugly	0
sensuality , and	1
welcome and heartwarming	1
epic four-hour indian musical	1
subtle and richly internalized performance	1
is negated	0
a top-notch cast	1
nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema	0
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
remarkable	1
been the ultimate imax trip	1
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper	1
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
work up	1
detract from the athleticism	0
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable	0
, brooding and slow	0
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ,	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	1
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
those visual in-jokes	1
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	0
stirring music	1
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	1
one feels cheated	0
somewhat touched	1
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
it aspires	1
a lasting impression	1
makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest	1
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
a future they wo n't much care about	0
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
the awful complications	0
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --	0
angry potshots	0
recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder	0
sinks into by-the-numbers territory	0
hip '	1
follow-your-dream	1
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie	1
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
dumbed-down approach	0
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	1
to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
lovingly	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and	1
quality twist	1
with a creepy and dead-on performance	1
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	0
terrible	0
the stars	1
race splitting	1
the easy emotional buttons	1
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable	1
jane wyman and	1
of strong voices	1
a great combination act	1
dullest kiddie flicks	0
an infectious enthusiasm	1
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't	0
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
a very good film	1
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
's updating works surprisingly well .	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and	0
showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season	1
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
hooked	1
terrific flair	1
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...	1
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
will thrill you , touch you and make you	1
a touching drama	1
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot	0
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	1
, loud , painful , obnoxious	0
absurd ,	0
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	0
a high enough level of invention	1
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
the obvious cliches	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time	1
a rather unique approach to documentary	1
manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and	1
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series	0
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
pick up the slack	0
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	0
an exceptionally	1
lacks in outright newness	0
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications	0
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry	1
skunk	0
gets the job done .	1
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
constant fits of laughter	1
near-masterpiece .	1
it 's propelled by the acting	1
only half-an-hour long or	0
heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	0
funny moments	1
a solid , well-formed satire	1
reunion	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	0
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	0
compelling pre-wwii drama	1
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
so watchable	1
are clinically depressed and	0
by a strong and unforced supporting cast	1
his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .	0
visceral sensation	1
too stagey	0
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
spellbinding fun and	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	0
the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
bland hotels	0
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity	1
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less	1
savory and hilarious	1
too predictably	0
writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
a true study ,	1
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	1
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy	1
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	0
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	0
passionate and truthful	1
of a triumph	1
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush	0
treasure and	1
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
an extremely unpleasant film .	0
a technically superb film	1
the best films	1
together familiar themes	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation	1
a solid pedigree	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
hitting your head on the theater seat	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study	1
a slam-dunk	1
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
cinemantic flair	1
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .	1
and civic action laudable	1
a grittily beautiful film	1
like crap	0
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	0
by sparking debate and encouraging thought	1
an original	1
its own action is n't very effective	0
making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female	1
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
of the best actors there is	1
elegant	1
banal and predictable	0
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	0
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
are strong	1
made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
spectacular belly flops	0
visuals and enveloping sounds	1
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones	1
after the death of a child	0
imponderably stilted and	0
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
rote drivel	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative	0
, slow and dreary	0
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude	1
more mature than fatal attraction	1
posing as a real movie	0
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost	1
future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
of the most interesting writer/directors	1
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	0
wholly unnecessary	0
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients	1
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly	0
energetic frontman	1
the proper conviction	1
does n't work .	0
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
baaaaaaaaad	0
near virtuosity in its crapulence	0
comedy special	1
music videos	1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
flaccid satire	0
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera	1
are moments of hilarity to be had	1
be fertile sources of humor	1
a welcome relief	1
can not be revived .	0
lacks in eye-popping visuals	0
it may not be particularly innovative	0
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time	0
reverent	1
brutally honest and	1
its poignant and uplifting story	1
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs	0
shrill and soporific	0
searing lead performance	1
a quirky , off-beat project	1
of unrecoverable life	0
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
big splash	1
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era	1
delicious and delicately funny look	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...	0
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives	0
eager fans	1
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	1
they spend years trying to comprehend it	0
's not scary in the slightest	0
exhausted , desiccated talent	0
assurance worthy	1
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape	0
the most splendid	1
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	1
be well worth your time	1
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ,	1
playfully profound	1
compelling dramatic	1
it one of the best war movies ever made	1
bothered to construct a real story this time	1
m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema	0
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale	0
gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
best inside-show-biz	1
a life-affirming message	1
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	1
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality	0
all awkward , static	0
page-turning	1
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative	1
austin powers films	1
off spookily enough	1
a ripping good yarn is told .	1
photographed and beautifully recorded	1
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	0
whose pervasive quiet	1
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''	0
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity	1
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	0
terrifically entertaining	1
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	1
is painfully formulaic and stilted	0
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
execrable	0
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down	0
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects	1
curiosity factors	1
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue	0
mind-numbing indifference	0
stock footage	0
's hardly any fun to watch	0
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
, it ultimately delivers	1
more than four	1
new york 's finest	1
most depressing	0
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne	0
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	0
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes	0
special	1
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
and more entertaining , too .	1
in future years as an eloquent memorial	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	0
rejected x-files episode	0
piercingly affecting ...	1
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	1
every aggrieved father cliché	0
the right time in the history of our country	1
is a visual treat for all audiences .	1
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	1
down the reality drain	0
an admirably dark first script by brent hanley	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
a whale of a good time	1
elegant and sly deadpan	1
, starving and untalented	0
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
leaves something to be desired .	0
distinctly minor	0
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	1
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
of the startling intimacy	1
a reprieve	1
innocence and idealism	1
gripping performances by lane and gere	1
seems little different	0
explosive physical energy and	1
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment	1
narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann	1
on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi	1
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once	0
thanks to an astonishingly witless script	0
intellect and feeling	1
theater	1
does n't have anything really interesting to say	0
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	0
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	1
most appealing	1
distressingly	0
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
extra points	1
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work	0
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
with no aspirations	0
top-notch	1
an enthralling	1
spain 's greatest star wattage	1
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	1
are too immature and unappealing to care about	0
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes	0
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	0
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia	1
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	0
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
somewhat satisfying	1
light ( yet unsentimental )	1
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	0
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here	1
captivating .	1
knows its classical music , knows its freud and	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple ,	1
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people	1
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
most colorful and controversial artists	1
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast	0
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers	0
neither original	0
sensation	1
a mall movie designed to kill time	0
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ,	1
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally	1
is pure , exciting moviemaking	1
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	0
if it is generally amusing from time to time	1
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
i have given it a one-star rating	0
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor	0
graphic treatment	1
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still	0
watchable stuff	1
in this summer 's new action film	1
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
it 's a loathsome movie ,	0
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
could use a little more humanity	0
such a clever adaptation	1
little attempt	0
made me feel unclean	0
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	1
the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	1
unforced	1
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	0
work -- is charming , is moving	1
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
good surprise ending	1
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	1
miller , kuras and the actresses	1
can enjoy as mild escapism	1
seems embarrassed by his own invention and	0
interesting concept	1
halle berry does her best to keep up with him	1
sexual and romantic	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling	1
's too harsh	0
witlessness	0
nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	1
check	1
a sweetly	1
useless	0
every cheap trick	0
in a collectively stellar performance	1
the most horrific movie experience	0
arrest development in a dead-end existence	0
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	1
deeply biased , and	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible	1
its playwriting 101 premise	1
the acting is amateurish ,	0
with enough negatives	0
grandly	1
inspiring tale	1
feel like three hours .	0
with virtuoso throat-singing	1
injects just enough freshness	1
of splendid performances	1
right at home	1
wanting more	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless	1
fuse at least three dull plots	0
largely unfulfilling	0
heartening in the same way	1
unforced continuation	1
are worth the price of admission	1
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline	0
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	0
horrid little propaganda film	0
that 's the mark of a documentary that works	1
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare	0
its strengths	1
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
monotonous	0
pretentious types	0
it actually hurts to watch .	0
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
manages , with terrific flair	1
term an `` ambitious failure	0
the bullseye	1
a winning family story	1
'll love it	1
found it weirdly appealing	1
as an intense political and psychological thriller	1
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
on three short films and two features	1
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	1
to offend	0
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .	0
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but	1
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	0
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film	1
shines in her quiet blue eyes	1
the teen-exploitation playbook	0
achieving some honest insight into relationships	1
quirkily appealing	1
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	1
no timeout	0
amusement	1
features a standout performance by diane lane	1
overall the halloween series has lost its edge	0
a winning comedy with its wry observations	1
unusual biopic and document	1
mandy moore leaves a positive impression	1
also happens to be good	1
an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet	1
bad sitcom	0
engrossing film	1
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 .	0
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	1
score points for political correctness	1
a retail clerk	1
an avid interest in the subject	1
in a giant pile of elephant feces	0
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	0
the astute direction	1
the art direction is often exquisite , and	1
quick-cut edits	0
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones	1
see it for the passion	1
implodes	0
the emperor 's club ,	1
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
violent	0
to extremist name-calling	0
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship	0
pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative	1
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages --	1
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book	0
, stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
bravery and dedication	1
an addictive guilty pleasure	1
his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson	1
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor	0
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
's mostly a pleasure to watch	1
talk about for hours	1
make it human	1
's a masterpeice .	1
full of nuance and character dimension	1
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action	0
in the place where a masterpiece should be	1
living far too much in its own head	0
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story	1
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision	1
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	1
seems hopelessly juvenile	0
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101	0
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea	0
so devoid	0
finely crafted ,	1
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but	1
the best sports movie	1
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
dialog between realistic characters	1
haphazard theatrical release	0
too insistent	0
just the right tone	1
a bilingual charmer	1
pieces of the famous director 's life	1
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
deliver	1
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	0
better drama	1
well-directed and	1
something original	1
with a sure and measured hand	1
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
beautiful movement and inside information	1
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
as funny	1
roman polanski may have been born to make	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list '	1
welcome and heartwarming addition	1
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films	1
touching as the son 's room	1
so not-at-all-good	0
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage	0
katzenberg	1
this unimaginative comedian	0
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture	1
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	0
wo n't be disappointed .	1
arresting image	1
a confusing melange of tones and styles ,	0
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
good taste	1
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other	0
it should be done cinematically	1
got it right the first time	1
the film 's predictable denouement	0
have tremendous chemistry	1
of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) ,	0
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	0
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all	0
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt	0
as a reverie about memory and regret	1
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	0
peaked about three years ago	1
keep this fresh .	1
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement	0
, the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
poetic force and	1
poetic	1
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe	0
otherwise appalling	0
wanes .	0
the cinematic equivalent	1
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	1
modernize it with encomia	1
tries too hard to be emotional	0
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --	1
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot	0
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian	0
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	1
recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise	1
, cliched and clunky	0
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
messenger	1
from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import	1
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry	0
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
boredom to the point of collapse	0
troubling	0
psychologically savvy	1
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
cruel but weirdly likable	1
so intensely , but with restraint	1
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love	1
the laborious pacing	0
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs	1
while his characters are acting horribly	0
glorified sitcom	0
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
because it was particularly funny	1
forgettably	0
real and amusing	1
the crap continues .	0
, has solid acting and a neat premise	1
does n't have all the answers	0
a special kind of movie	1
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue	0
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
void	0
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
on badly-rendered cgi effects	0
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen	1
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	0
american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	0
too many pointless situations	0
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past	1
it was worth your seven bucks	1
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	1
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
steal your heart	1
though the film is static	0
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap	0
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .	0
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
best moments	1
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
a sweet treasure and something	1
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	1
combined with indoctrinated prejudice	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ,	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ,	1
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	1
nothing interesting in unfaithful	0
much to it	1
hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	1
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur	1
wickedly undramatic central theme	0
's a pale imitation	0
this is n't a movie ;	0
result in a movie that works against itself .	0
the charisma	1
best sex comedy	1
, like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	0
that has something to say	1
come with the warning ``	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually	1
the spectacle of small-town competition	1
inadequately	0
with unblinking candor	1
closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin	1
to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
an entertaining and informative documentary	1
top-notch action powers this romantic drama	1
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .	1
a bomb	0
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story	1
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	0
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but	0
this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
, girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
the layered richness	1
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
much better documentary	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so	1
turns a blind eye	0
subtle ironies and visual devices	1
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	0
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	0
drags it	0
is funny	1
isolation	0
will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	0
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic	0
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
decent-enough nail-biter	1
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey	1
a distinct rarity , and an event	1
reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	1
sprung from such a great one	1
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema	1
budding amours	1
sacrifices its promise	0
upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
empowerment movie	1
entertaining and informative documentary	1
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .	1
cop flick cliches	0
you wrong on both counts	0
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	0
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
new ways of describing badness	0
is about as deep as that sentiment	0
the rueful , wry humor	1
transcend	1
gritty enough	1
wait for the video	0
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
a not-so-bright mother and daughter	0
an astoundingly rich film	1
a surprisingly charming and even witty match	1
sick character	0
mediterranean sparkles	1
for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2	1
pointless meditation	0
recognized	1
feel like a 10-course banquet	1
even lazier and far less enjoyable	0
third time 's the charm ...	1
impossible task	0
, the humor has point	1
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	1
's all surface psychodramatics	0
who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and	0
bad luck and their own immaturity	0
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches ,	0
brutal and	0
near-masterpiece	1
really rather special	1
is too long with too little going on .	0
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .	0
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book	1
of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
dazzle	1
chore	0
epic	1
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare	1
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english	1
healing process	1
energetic and smart	1
the film is deadly dull	0
robustness	1
the dreams of youth	1
the visual panache	1
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
so intimate	1
enjoyable in its own right	1
their seats	1
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits	1
captures the raw comic energy of one	1
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !	1
timeout	0
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .	0
, kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine	0
in a bad-movie way	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
sell many records	1
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped	1
a manically generous christmas	1
, imaginative	1
slow ,	0
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
more than a tepid	0
wrong with performances here	0
of the universal themes , earnest performances	1
the dull effects	0
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
an achievement	1
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
of better films	0
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and	1
less ambitious	0
conservative christian parents	1
a satisfying summer blockbuster	1
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound	0
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	0
right place	1
low-budget affair	0
soulful and	1
you 're a comic fan	1
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive	1
this is one summer film that satisfies	1
losing	0
both people 's capacity	1
two fine , nuanced lead performances	1
spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor	1
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film	1
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives	1
does the thoroughly formulaic film	0
bad mannered	0
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
as a dystopian movie	0
championship material	1
soul-stirring documentary	1
moments of inspired humor	1
illogic	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance	0
ca n't sustain it .	0
immature character	0
cruel story	0
crude storyline	0
, it 's not very interesting .	0
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted	0
quite the career peak	1
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
in modern alienation	0
derivative and hammily acted .	0
a rather bland	0
calm and thoughtful	1
really cool	1
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	0
needed .	1
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	0
stiff , ponderous and charmless	0
from pinnacle to pinnacle	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	1
is greatness here	1
the funniest american comedy	1
remembrance	1
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	0
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
you crave chris smith 's next movie	1
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	0
intriguing	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious	0
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous	0
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
ideas and awkwardness	0
for bad movies	0
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction	1
no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
is always welcome	1
hard , endearing , caring ,	1
developed characters	1
in a bid to hold our attention	0
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look	1
touched by the film 's conviction	1
at once laughable and compulsively watchable	1
absorbing ,	1
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	1
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
emotionally malleable	0
dreamy and	1
air of gentle longing	1
wonderful , ghastly film	1
a biting satire that has no teeth	0
banged their brains into the ground so frequently	0
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction	0
, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
slapstick sequences	1
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and	1
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	0
the most offensive thing about the movie	0
as original and insightful	1
that there is no rest period , no timeout	0
natural-seeming actors	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
energizes	1
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars	0
, imaginative filmmaking	1
dominated	1
both charming	1
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
superbly	1
's a talking head documentary , but a great one	1
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy	1
are fascinating	1
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	0
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
some of the visual flourishes	1
and resourceful hero	1
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	1
, emotionally devastating piece	1
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face	0
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ,	0
true star	1
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	1
because of the universal themes , earnest performances	1
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
flourish	1
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	0
are committed	1
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and	0
impressive hybrid .	1
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
ugly and	0
leave their families	0
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
remains brightly optimistic	1
makes martha enormously endearing	1
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer	0
long-winded	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and	0
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
a bright future ahead of him	1
a giant pile of elephant feces	0
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera	1
dead mother	0
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity	0
that it 's actually watchable	1
cusack 's just brilliant in this .	1
unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	1
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	0
disconnects	0
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
the scorpion king more than ably	1
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
liking	1
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad	0
... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece ,	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ,	0
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	0
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	0
offers large rewards	1
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science	0
tortured husband	0
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	0
are remarkable	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy	1
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity	0
great piece	1
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
is careless and unfocused	0
a wild comedy	1
stirring	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed	0
groundbreaking endeavor	1
often intense character study	1
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
exuberance	1
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
perverse	0
insanely stupid	0
better off staying on the festival circuit	0
spiritual survival	1
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	0
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	1
the film 's highlight	1
a four star performance	1
lost ideal	0
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then	0
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	0
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill	0
a satisfying crime drama	1
humorless	0
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
prejudices	0
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --	1
uncommonly ambitious	1
leaves him shooting blanks	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	1
american beauty reeks	0
dirty old man	0
in a poorly	0
vulgar innuendo	0
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
rather unexceptional	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do	0
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .	1
with really poor comedic writing	0
an unwieldy cast	0
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	0
of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind	0
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle	1
work as well as a remarkably faithful one	1
rather tired	0
most original fantasy film	1
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling	0
is beautiful	1
it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
slight but enjoyable documentary .	1
uneventful	0
is a career-defining revelation .	1
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer	1
be low , very low , very very low ,	0
she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo	1
no teeth	0
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
, it will probably be a talky bore .	0
spot on	1
pale successor	0
recognize	1
gone wrong	0
less as a documentary and more as a found relic	1
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
enjoyed themselves	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit	1
in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	1
astoundingly rich	1
complete moron	0
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .	0
pleasure to watch	1
91-minute trailer	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before	0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	0
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all ,	0
an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
should n't have been made	0
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points	0
intimate and	1
appear foolish and shallow	0
appalling ,	0
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	0
i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
in such a potentially sudsy set-up	0
is simply too overdone .	0
a deceptively simple premise	1
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
provocative piece	1
horrible poetry	0
a verbal duel between two gifted performers	1
subversive	0
is nicely shot , well-edited and	1
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	0
one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	0
is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	0
hanukkah	1
something is rotten in the state of california	0
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn	1
a more graceful way	1
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and	0
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	1
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting	0
suspense , surprise	1
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm	1
photographic marvel	1
hitler 's destiny	0
ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	1
probing or penetrating	1
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	0
of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
in fact , the best in recent memory	1
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ,	1
a compelling allegory	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but	1
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence	1
a genuine mind-bender .	1
not one clever line of dialogue	0
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite	1
a year late	0
a stately sense of composition	1
ridicule factor	0
you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent	1
essentially ruined -- or	0
terribly obvious	0
old-fashioned adventure	1
long-lived friendships	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit ,	1
through torture	0
being a true adaptation of her book	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years	1
are acting like puppets	0
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time	1
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending	1
surprisingly touching	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	1
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	1
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia ,	0
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	1
thoughtful war films	1
unadulterated thrills	1
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
depress you about life itself	0
toilet	0
is phenomenal , especially the women	1
audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
got something	1
utterly incompetent	0
funny , and even touching	1
enjoy yourselves	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics ,	0
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	0
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy	1
severe flaws	0
goes awry	0
out of control	0
for finding meaning in relationships or work	1
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	0
a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
deeply absorbing piece	1
repetitive and ragged	0
tour de	1
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	0
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,	0
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
sealed in a jar	0
improbable	0
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half	0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
over-indulgent tirade	0
a lighthearted glow ,	1
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	0
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	0
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	1
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified	1
increasingly disturbed	0
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
laughed that hard in years	1
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script	0
one of france 's most inventive directors	1
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream	0
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
bad acting	0
care	1
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
humor and technological finish	1
an accomplished actress	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you ,	0
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool	1
a funny little film	1
the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
problematic quest	0
charisma	1
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick	0
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	0
, the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
young man 's	1
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition	1
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	1
help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	0
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit	1
that 's pure entertainment	1
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison	0
dreamed up	1
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	1
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	0
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
poorly-constructed	0
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	0
old age and grief	0
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,	0
a certain robustness	1
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '	0
christian-themed fun	1
, tiresome nature	0
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	1
mess	0
intriguing and stylish .	1
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
a good surprise ending	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances	1
what is missing from it	0
some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	1
infuriating about full frontal	0
the performances , for the most part , credible	1
butterflies that die	0
smallness	0
than a more measured or polished production ever could	1
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	1
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller	1
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	0
crisp psychological drama	1
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	0
enjoyed the thrill of the chill	1
one of the best love stories of any stripe	1
is as thought-provoking	1
the hallmarks	1
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	0
at the screen in frustration	0
the insinuation of mediocre acting or	0
if you have the patience for it	0
delight your senses	1
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	0
scummy ripoff	0
strong and confident	1
i found it weirdly appealing	1
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --	1
a very good time at the cinema	1
welcome with audiences	1
diva	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict ,	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment	1
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	0
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	0
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	1
irksome characters	0
in the best irish sense	1
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this	1
film that loses sight of its own story	0
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
funny and light	1
repetitively	0
dark places	0
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ,	1
graceless	0
's refreshing to see a romance this smart	1
worth watching	1
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors	0
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care	0
lacks in depth	0
pleasant enough	1
entertainment that parents love to have their kids	1
actually make a pretty good team	1
the right b-movie frame of mind	1
little fuss or noise	0
giggly	1
similarly ill-timed	0
yawner .	0
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death	1
leaves us laughing	1
an amicable endeavor	1
their own rhythm	1
of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	0
any viewer , young or old ,	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing	0
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	0
other words , about as bad a film	0
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
user-friendly	1
crowd pleaser	1
virtually no aftertaste	0
broad cross-section	1
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls	1
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
great monster movie	1
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments	0
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	1
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	0
bean drops the ball too many times ...	0
where something 's happening	1
intellectual and emotional	1
to the climactic burst of violence	1
annoying specimen	0
scotland looks wonderful	1
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school	0
feel sad	0
cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
drags during its 112-minute length	0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ,	1
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
all the stomach-turning violence	0
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	0
thrills , too many flashbacks	0
a remarkable and novel concept	1
insanely hilarious	1
a baffling subplot	0
by his lack of self-awareness	0
's get this thing over with	0
will nevertheless find moving .	1
totally overwrought ,	0
too sappy for its own good	0
a stunning film ,	1
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .	0
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	0
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	0
, flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	0
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
, it is n't much fun .	0
a moving experience	1
a visual delight and	1
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	0
funny , sexy ,	1
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
wildly inventive mixture	1
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	0
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
not scary	0
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters	0
cross swords with the best of them and	1
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and	1
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects	1
feels familiar and tired	0
guarantee	1
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses	0
no interesting concept	0
leaves a lot to be desired .	0
celebrates the human spirit	1
chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
it feels like a glossy rehash .	0
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics	1
high drama	1
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre	1
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	0
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and	0
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
its lack of purpose	0
to make a big splash	1
elegance	1
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
, luridly colored ,	0
love , duty and friendship	1
there 's no conversion effort ,	0
10	1
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
hack	0
is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles	0
superior horror flick	1
member	1
its own preciousness	1
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	0
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	1
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
great character	1
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .	0
psychologically revealing	1
inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
wannabe-hip	0
alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse	0
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness	0
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,	0
this tale has been told and retold	0
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	1
of flat champagne	0
very ambitious	1
i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
letting you share her one-room world for a while	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	0
action-packed film	1
can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .	1
murky cinematography	0
complex and quirky , but entirely believable	1
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
a heart , mind or humor of its own	1
vivid characters and	1
most ravaging	1
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	1
dreary and sluggish	0
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
three words : thumbs friggin ' down	0
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument	1
share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	0
a funny film .	1
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --	0
creates sheerly cinematic appeal	1
titillating material	1
13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
a sane regimen	1
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere	1
actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
earn our love	1
the end that extravagantly redeems it	1
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	0
mawkish dialogue	0
just fell apart	0
the barn-burningly bad movie	0
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others	1
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while	1
a shrewd and effective film	1
is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves	1
is n't even a movie	0
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances	0
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel	0
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
flaccid odd-couple sniping	0
transcends	1
sharply comic and	1
an important movie	1
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course	0
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness	0
miracles ,	1
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
very moving and revelatory footnote	1
enjoyed most of mostly martha	1
crazy , mixed-up films	0
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete	1
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film	0
the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge	1
still has a sense of his audience	1
dutiful precision	1
no-nonsense authority	1
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
uneven film	0
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
fat	0
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .	1
it plainly has no business going	0
the fine star performances	1
ripe recipe , inspiring	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but	1
considerable	1
keeps lifting the pedestal higher	1
ill-considered	0
committed to film	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains	1
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and	0
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
furiously	0
neglects	0
's hard to resist	1
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	1
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	1
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
in his right mind	1
from its unsettling prognosis	0
a romantic crime comedy	1
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
funnier than anything	1
into its intriguing subject	1
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
embraces it , energizes it	1
kid-empowerment	1
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
a welcome step	1
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
a fine idea	1
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild	1
the unfulfilling , incongruous	0
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing	1
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	1
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	1
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle	0
so good	1
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '	0
valiantly	1
's so poorly	0
an achingly enthralling premise , the film	1
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout	1
has a new career ahead of him	1
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
to its inevitable tragic conclusion	0
beloved	1
bordering on confessional	0
soulless	0
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
then you 're at the right film .	1
as artificial and soulless	0
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
frustrations	0
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and	0
are in perfect balance	1
devotees	1
anemic ,	0
no obvious escape	0
you value your time and money	1
brainless flibbertigibbet	0
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
once subtle and visceral	1
remarkable movie	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	1
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i	0
a heartfelt story	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much	1
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for	1
make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	1
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
is it as smart	1
fun-seeking summer audiences	1
by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
progressed as nicely as ` wayne	1
that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
a lighthearted comedy	1
, it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
a seven rip-off	0
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
misdemeanor	0
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	0
believable and heart-wrenching	1
his is an interesting character	1
an engaging ,	1
found the movie as divided against itself	0
think , zzzzzzzzz	0
would be consigned to the dustbin of history	0
smart and well-crafted	1
in love with myth	1
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	0
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama	1
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .	0
it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and	1
though i could not stand them	0
eisenstein delivers .	1
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
elegantly produced and	1
the nature of compassion	1
this rather unfocused	0
with its subjects	1
gorgeous visuals	1
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
beautifully produced .	1
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
adventure	1
awarded mythic status	1
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study	0
a bunch of strung-together tv episodes	0
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic	1
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie	0
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news	0
of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .	0
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
appropriately	1
divine	1
brings to a spectacular completion one	1
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
a powerful and deeply moving example	1
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure	1
dull in its lack of poetic frissons	0
cheering	1
proficient , dull sorvino	0
and revolutionary spirit	1
offers some flashy twists and	1
300 years of russian history and culture	1
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound	0
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children	0
devote time to see it	1
equally beautiful , self-satisfied	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ,	1
from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
it 's not scary in the slightest .	0
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen	0
stylistically	1
to gorgeous beaches	1
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
, it has considerable charm .	1
weak script	0
clever ideas and visual gags	1
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing	0
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies	1
perfectly formed	1
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it	0
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song	0
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
slight and uninventive	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note	0
expecting	1
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
we never feel anything for these characters ,	0
campanella 's competent direction	1
no such thing is a big letdown .	0
the mark	1
a hint	1
justifies	1
a purposefully reductive movie	1
in favor	1
out ballsy and stylish	1
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way	1
cheesy	0
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	1
sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
a technical triumph and an extraordinary	1
is off .	0
the movie as a whole	1
stooping	0
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	1
comedy and	1
suffers from all the excesses	0
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly	0
does n't work as either .	0
delightful romantic comedy	1
riveting and handsomely	1
have no affinity for most of the characters	0
the bravery and dedication	1
sexy , funny and touching	1
its usual worst	0
fascinating glimpse	1
resemble their celebrity parents	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes	1
disingenuous	0
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time	1
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
sad nonsense	0
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction	0
a mystery devoid	0
-- definitely a step in the right direction	1
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
funniest person	1
observed character piece .	1
it is entertaining on an inferior level .	0
why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller	1
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy	1
fascinating and playful	1
little propaganda film	0
should see it as soon as possible .	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ;	0
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	1
most colorful and controversial	1
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
dull procession	0
the history is fascinating	1
the ensemble has something fascinating to do	1
is a masterfully conducted work	1
pointed personalities	1
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy	0
, rent the disney version .	0
's also somewhat clumsy	0
that profound , at least	1
drain	0
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )	0
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	0
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	1
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	1
memorable and resourceful performances	1
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	1
do all three quite well ,	1
dreary tale	0
the sequel	1
placing their parents	1
numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
an imaginative teacher	1
a solid emotional impact	1
personal tragedy and	0
frustration	0
has succeeded beyond all expectation	1
historical event	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .	0
gore for suspense	0
its own most damning censure	0
laughing in the crowd	1
its best ,	1
befuddled	0
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya	0
politically potent	1
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish	1
less capable	0
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	0
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful	1
an otherwise excellent film	1
is the central flaw of the film	0
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent	1
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
losing my lunch	0
enticing and	1
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	0
worn-out material	0
to my great pleasure ,	1
as it is repetitious	0
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
would n't turn down a big bowl of that	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	1
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother	1
charming and	1
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	0
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
uses a totally unnecessary prologue ,	0
utterly pointless	0
manages to invest real humor	1
, sterile and lacking	0
great saturday night live sketch	1
unpersuasive	0
it struck a chord in me	1
some of the best special effects	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	1
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another	1
still charming	1
mounted , exasperatingly	0
deserves more than a passing twinkle	1
inimitable scenes	1
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	0
is a little too in love	0
more confused ,	0
see this movie with my sisters	1
indoctrinated prejudice	0
comes off as a pale successor	0
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic	0
cut open a vein	0
really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''	1
bo derek made the ridiculous bolero	0
have a barrie good time	1
coolness	1
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit	1
grossly	0
interest onscreen	1
i stay positive	1
charmless and	0
like the original	1
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .	1
` fatal script error	0
its initial promise	1
welsh whimsy	1
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title	0
a level of connection and concern	1
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but	0
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
the rare movie	1
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
even better	1
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
bad , bad movie	0
big bloody chomps	0
sumptuous ocean visuals and	1
nimble shoulders	1
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely	1
racial profiling hollywood style	0
112-minute	1
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	1
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet	0
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy	0
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best	1
visual flourishes	1
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	0
the lively intelligence	1
sustain interest	1
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
life	1
earnest homage	1
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	0
of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
wreaked	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed	1
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	0
is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
absurdities and clichés	0
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue	1
a tremendous piece of work	1
is wondrously creative .	1
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	0
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies	0
have been an eerie thriller	1
utterly transcend gender	1
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
immensely enjoyable	1
its brilliant touches	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line	1
the most part a useless movie ,	0
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	0
an uncomfortable movie ,	0
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is	0
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .	0
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	1
's a lot richer than the ones	1
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day	1
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
been lost in the translation this time	0
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride	1
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment	1
bad at it is cruel	0
was put through torture for an hour and a half	0
worthwhile effort	1
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
woe-is-me	0
been a good film in `` trouble every day	1
a waste	0
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
at once visceral and spiritual ,	1
the film has a problem	0
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series	0
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	0
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story	1
the best rock	1
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	0
soars	1
a glorified sitcom	0
's moving	1
more than a little pretentious	0
his life , his dignity and his music	1
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion	0
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be	1
in its chicken heart	0
too safe	0
energetic and	1
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
climate	1
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating	0
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	1
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay	0
pass this stinker	0
own pretentious self-examination	0
made , on all levels ,	1
has a funny moment or two	1
is sentimental	1
a potentially good comic premise and	1
that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
barbershop so likable	1
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
an original idea	1
poignancy , and intelligence	1
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but	0
your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute	1
the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted	1
its core	1
actually exploiting it yourself	0
so short could be so flabby	0
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
sensual	1
's his strongest performance since the doors	1
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are	1
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
are just two of the elements that will grab you .	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it	1
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket	0
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion	0
( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	1
a pleasing ,	1
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material	0
an intense and effective film	1
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
stuffy ,	0
crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
indifference	0
delivered in grand passion	1
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	1
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
so unmemorable	0
as beautiful ,	1
miike	1
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
badder than bad	0
dripping with cliche	0
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	0
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ;	0
first full flush	1
kindness	1
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	1
walked away	0
is such a perfect medium for children	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ,	1
phony humility	0
rare in the depiction of young women in film	1
give it a boost	1
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
wholly unconvincing	0
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	0
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
feel like a chump	0
narratively complex	1
accessible and	1
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,	0
with this masterful	1
oddly detached	0
the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ,	0
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	0
persuasive	1
without chills	0
adrift in various new york city locations	0
mannered	1
sci-fi generic	0
really , really good things	1
light treat	1
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
is the most visually unappealing	0
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	0
quirky , charming and	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	1
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	1
old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
marvelous documentary touches	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but	0
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes	0
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
is plenty of fun for all	1
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or	0
deliberately and skillfully	1
to the awfulness of the movie	0
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	1
its laziest	0
something hip	1
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	1
talented enough and	1
supremely kittenish	1
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .	0
strangely liberating	1
juiced with enough energy and excitement	1
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	0
urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte	0
pays tribute	1
patchy combination	0
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy	1
what great cinema can really do	1
into sub-tarantino cuteness	1
gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels	1
a dark pit	0
that watching it leaves you giddy	1
slightly humorous and tender story	1
nevertheless efficiently	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me	0
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool	0
is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel	0
greatest	1
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care	1
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	1
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
never inspired	0
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation	1
so much farcical as sour .	0
this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs	1
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .	1
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	0
for the whole family	1
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	1
are natural and lovely	1
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
definitely	1
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
slumming	0
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
climactic setpiece	1
you can feel the love .	1
thoughtful screenplay	1
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
bad company	0
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
a fresh point	1
's funny .	1
such a dungpile	0
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity	1
for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role	0
draw people together	1
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	0
elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk	1
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
morally bankrupt	0
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness	1
and unrelentingly exploitative	0
the most excruciating 86 minutes one	0
than its sunny disposition	1
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade	0
highly cerebral	1
blade 2	1
complex and honest	1
a tale worth catching	1
did n't have an original bone in his body	0
unfortunately , it runs for 170	0
, i 'll buy the soundtrack .	1
own meager weight	0
, it gets to you .	1
well-written as sexy beast	1
it makes up for in heart .	1
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
just offensive	0
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
rock-solid	1
its disgusting source material	0
concession stand and/or restroom	0
that peace is possible	1
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it	0
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	0
has wonderfully funny moments	1
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love	0
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	1
a casual intelligence that permeates the script	1
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	1
'm guessing the director is a magician .	1
inspire	1
wondrous love story	1
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid	0
family fun	1
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical	1
collective heart attack	0
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	1
manage to keep things interesting .	1
lousy one	0
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming	1
sexist	0
powerful and astonishingly vivid	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
cheap shocks	0
a seriously intended movie	1
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
it does n't work as either .	0
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed	0
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	0
hated myself in the morning .	0
not into high-tech splatterfests	0
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	1
flat and	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	1
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle	1
take before indigestion sets	0
incredibly thoughtful	1
treating female follies	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look	1
have potential as a cult film ,	1
infidelity	0
affirms	1
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream	0
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
stink	0
bilked	0
studio hack	0
exceptional film	1
enticing and often funny documentary	1
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie	0
stands for milder is n't better	0
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film	0
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
seeing justice served	1
grittily beautiful	1
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
rich	1
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile	1
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour	0
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way	1
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' .	1
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers	1
entertains not	0
broomfield has compelling new material	1
of teen-speak and animal gibberish	0
to camouflage how bad his movie is	0
kids , spirit	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	1
blood work is for you .	1
is entertaining	1
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors	1
becomes a sermon for most of its running time	0
that actually has something interesting to say	1
resist	0
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital	0
feel realistic .	1
sex gags and prom dates	0
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	1
female empowerment	1
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i	1
though jones and snipes are enthralling	1
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and	1
itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel	1
fails	0
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies	1
and , in the end , not well enough	0
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony	0
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
far more stylish and	1
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
despite its promising cast of characters	0
death might be a release .	0
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination	1
good acting	1
rapid-fire delivery	1
compassionate spirit	1
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull	0
shakespeare 's better known tragedies	1
fully formed and	1
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
of intelligence or invention	1
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	1
turgid fable	0
even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly	0
kong action cinema	1
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
did n't care .	0
you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
rings false	0
pinnacle	1
looks like a drag queen	0
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .	1
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way	0
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge	0
is astonishing	1
blind date , only less	0
is cumbersome	0
fall dreadfully short .	0
the most sincere and artful movie	1
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	1
, period-perfect biopic hammers	1
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious	1
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
was kind of terrific once	1
it 's always enthralling .	1
does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up	1
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan ,	0
images you wish you had n't seen	0
, if uneven ,	0
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
witherspoon 's talents	1
the divine calling	1
sweet , even delectable	1
it really won my heart	1
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	1
echo of allusions	1
genuinely bone-chilling tale	1
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
the most edgy piece of disney animation	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial	0
b-movie scum	0
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors	1
left off the film 's predictable denouement	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie	1
but blatantly biased	0
, blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
watchable by a bravura performance	1
tired , talky	0
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	0
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
engross even the most antsy youngsters	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch ,	0
one fantastic visual trope	1
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	1
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
aimless hodgepodge	0
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful	0
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast	1
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
no psychology here ,	0
ill-conceived and	0
impress about e.t.	1
memorable performances	1
torn apart	0
cheery and	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	1
... it feels like a glossy rehash .	0
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
through love	1
a smart ,	1
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	1
from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys	1
a captivating new film .	1
annoying , is n't it	0
be delightfully compatible here	1
bored by as your abc 's	0
botches	0
see it for his performance if nothing else .	1
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	1
all its flaws	0
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move ,	1
climax	1
as good ,	1
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter	1
deny its seriousness and quality	0
failed jokes	0
little uneven	0
but a tedious picture	0
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone	1
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	0
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	1
bad and baffling	0
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time	0
of the best silly horror movies	1
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
diane lane 's sophisticated performance	1
that works .	1
the cat 's meow	1
dark , intelligent	1
a side dish of asparagus	0
it is worth searching out .	1
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
two unrelated shorts that falls far short	0
the best-sustained ideas	1
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images	1
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need	1
than a ` direct-to-video ' release	0
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	1
romantic and	1
a bit too eager to please .	0
thumbs down	0
thanks to the presence of ` the king	1
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
labored writing and slack direction	0
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	0
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy	1
like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way	0
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments	1
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama	1
had no effect and	0
be easy for critics to shred it	0
ignite	1
have a cute partnership in i spy	1
added depth and resonance	1
allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and	0
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped	1
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
it would be	1
engaging storyline	1
formula family tearjerker	1
real filmmaker 's	1
proves to be sensational	1
that is warm , inviting , and surprising	1
dry the undead action flick formula	0
to a small star with big heart	1
has a way of seeping into your consciousness	1
british comedy .	1
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and	0
stifles creativity and	0
, a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
such a perfect medium	1
such a big job	1
the rat-a-tat energy	1
intelligence and	1
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,	0
dark , intelligent warning cry	1
to describe how bad it is	0
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
worst of all --	0
's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
a grittily beautiful film that looks ,	1
feels homogenized and a bit contrived	0
poignant and wryly amusing film	1
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness	1
intriguing and alluring	1
is silly beyond comprehension	0
a lower i.q.	0
stoked	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and	0
it is formula filmmaking	0
in an attempt	0
more beautiful than either of those films	1
is so fine	1
fu	0
to be mesmerised	1
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and	1
issues '	0
a terrible movie ,	0
its funny moments	1
the world 's most generic rock star	0
rewritten , and	0
still committed to growth in his ninth decade	1
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so	0
a sour attempt	0
yiddish stage	1
historically significant	1
well-intentioned	1
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
vincent became more and more abhorrent	0
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	0
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale	0
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and	0
, it 's kinda dumb .	0
thurman	1
from one arresting image to another	1
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work	0
visual charm	1
hopefully inspire action	1
magnetic as graham	1
we delight in the images	1
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
sharper , cleaner script	1
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling	0
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor	0
rarely work in movies now	0
brilliantly	1
movie love	1
featuring an oscar-worthy performance	1
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability	0
, sweet ` evelyn	1
get all five	1
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy	0
comfy	1
the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
a dazzling conceptual feat	1
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference	1
what 's even more remarkable	1
filled with raw emotions	1
symbolic characters	1
limpid and	0
the low-grade cheese standards	0
phenomenal ,	1
desiccated talent	0
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
in crisis	0
deserves a chance to shine	1
high art	1
, manipulative	0
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
thoughtful , reverent	1
he has no character , loveable or otherwise	0
its lack of poetic frissons	0
love its fantasy and adventure	1
its hero	1
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	1
is actually funny with the material	1
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
shallow , offensive and redundant	0
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie	0
for pretentious arts majors	0
limited by its short running time	0
fun cheese puff	1
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --	0
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
fun and funny in the middle	1
smarter and much	1
is prime escapist fare	1
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
dazzling panoramic shots	1
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
through its hackneyed elements	0
a fun , no-frills ride	1
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
a host of splendid performances	1
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither	0
sight gags	0
is surprisingly refreshing	1
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	0
shine through the gloomy film noir veil	1
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
is a nonstop hoot	1
john hughes comedy	1
loses sight of its own story	0
's just rather leaden and dull	0
a perfectly rendered period piece	1
uneven ,	0
exactly wrong	0
without much success	0
of pointless mayhem	0
repellent	0
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	0
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	1
the film its flaws	0
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid	0
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus	0
is in his element	1
have loved it	1
the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity	0
geared	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure	1
jolie 's hideous yellow ` do	0
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
cult film	1
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
an impeccable study	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock	1
too much time	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ?	0
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	0
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	1
misconceived	0
feels like a glossy rehash	0
offbeat sensibilities	1
complications	0
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates	1
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party	0
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	0
peppered with false starts and	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	0
astonishingly condescending attitude	0
's the perfect star vehicle for grant	1
to show us why it 's compelling	1
tv sitcom material at best	0
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
enjoyably	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but	0
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances	1
a strong education and	1
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	1
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	1
hackneyed concepts	0
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )	0
both heartbreaking and heartwarming	1
it 's pretty stupid .	0
by an esteemed writer-actor	1
severe body odor	0
as an exceptional thriller	1
are to ourselves and each other	1
woven together handsomely	1
maybe twice	1
far too much	0
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
surprising emotional depth	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''	0
entirely infantile	0
that 's where this film should have remained	0
the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
good old fashioned spooks	1
this tepid genre offering	0
, touching , smart and complicated	1
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy	0
overcooked	0
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer	1
woefully pretentious .	0
crafted import	1
not much else	0
an intriguing story	1
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
12th oscar nomination	1
eventual discovery	1
examines many different ideas from happiness	1
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	0
refreshed and hopeful	1
beautifully realized	1
it 's not an easy one to review .	0
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
are masterfully controlled	1
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters	1
enjoyable ease	1
hey , happy !	1
astonishingly	1
gentle and humane side	1
burn the negative and the script	0
consistent	1
remind us	1
is n't as funny	0
charming , thought-provoking new york fest	1
, it 's contrived and predictable	0
would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
the perfect star vehicle	1
be surefire casting	1
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	0
his impressions of life and loss and	1
, uncertain film	0
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action	1
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	1
undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
is about something very interesting and odd that	1
liberating	1
a fair amount of b-movie excitement	1
menace	0
boasts enough funny	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act --	1
exceedingly rare	1
soul-stirring	1
schticky	0
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	0
bad bear suits	0
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
like a fragment of an underdone potato	0
charm	1
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
it is derivative	0
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive	0
that miss	0
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	0
terrifically	1
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
bad clive barker movie	0
an unflinching look	1
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then	0
murky	0
a 90-minute , four-star movie	1
ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
empty theaters	0
generous	1
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .	0
drab wannabe	0
radical action	1
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick	0
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative	1
dull , dumb and derivative horror	0
does display an original talent	1
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	0
psychologically	1
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending	1
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
life in the performances	1
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they	1
handsome and well-made entertainment	1
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest	0
exhilarating ,	1
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --	0
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent	1
stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
no amount of imagination	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	1
stare and sniffle	0
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and	0
direct-to-video/dvd	0
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time	1
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
amusing , sad and reflective	1
virtually plotless	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game	0
jones and snipes are enthralling	1
` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
deeply out of place	0
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be	1
unlikable characters	0
is a disaster ,	0
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
none of which amounts to much of a story	0
seen or heard anything quite like this film	1
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	1
, badly cobbled look	0
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one	1
sleazy	0
take a complete moron	0
actually means to face your fears	1
high-adrenaline documentary .	1
squanders as much as it gives out	0
i thoroughly enjoyed the love story	1
find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
ditsy	0
it goes nowhere	0
dated	0
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	1
modestly surprising movie	1
a ` direct-to-video ' release	0
delights	1
you want to see it	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master .	0
, to my great pleasure ,	1
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive	1
painfully	0
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot	0
as sharp as a samurai sword	1
hypnotically dull	0
funnier .	1
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	0
plot lapses	0
of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	1
there is n't much to it .	0
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch	1
nice little story	1
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events	1
a flat script and	0
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
laugh-out-loud lines	1
a dreadful day	0
sixties-style slickness	1
sordid of human behavior on the screen ,	0
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good	1
you are n't very bright	0
the story compelling	1
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull	0
the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
a stupid , derivative horror film	0
the right movie	1
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	1
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho	1
be funny , uplifting and moving	1
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do	1
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	1
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
can out-bad-act the other	0
color and depth ,	1
: the widowmaker is a great yarn .	1
banal dialogue	0
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick	1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot	1
unspeakably ,	0
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
never so vividly	1
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk	1
of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke	1
two towers outdoes its spectacle .	1
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	0
visual coming right	1
is one summer film that satisfies	1
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze --	1
porno flick	0
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	0
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	0
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and	0
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters	1
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's -	0
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	0
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics	0
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt	1
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .	0
is highly pleasurable .	1
accentuating	1
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
to huston 's revelatory performance	1
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	0
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy	0
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	1
its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial	0
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks !	0
is n't really one of resources	0
video-cam footage	0
the top japanese animations of recent vintage	1
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
a hole in the head	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ,	1
firmly	1
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
worm its way into your heart	1
own idiosyncratic way	1
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us	0
strangely hollow at its emotional core	0
's potentially just as rewarding	1
what an idea	1
it is generally amusing from time to time	1
more goodies	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating	0
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
this charmer	1
some truly excellent sequences	1
an inexperienced director ,	0
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	0
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed	1
uplifting ,	1
has some unnecessary parts	0
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .	0
ill-conceived and expensive project	0
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
cliché-riddled	0
this saga would be terrific to read about	1
feels five hours long	0
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority	1
pulls off enough	1
there surrender $ 9	0
perfect family film	1
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	0
fine , focused piece	1
haphazardness	0
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success	0
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
achieves a level of connection and concern	1
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
satisfying complete picture	1
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	1
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours	0
some very good acting	1
lurid and less	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	1
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
enervating determination	1
human power	1
lives up	1
a sharp script	1
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy	0
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take	1
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	0
illuminates	1
janey	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy	0
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .	1
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .	0
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid	0
it 's all arty and jazzy	1
much better	1
too hard to be mythic	0
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country	0
this intricately structured and well-realized drama	1
sleep-inducingly	0
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be	1
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	1
stale copy	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	1
, runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
is generally quite funny .	1
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...	0
masters of both	1
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach	0
, paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
ugly , mean-spirited lashing	0
wry humor	1
the drama discloses almost nothing .	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	0
intriguing and realistic	1
an elegantly balanced movie	1
another first-rate performance	1
of his reserved but existential poignancy	1
unexpectedly insightful	1
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs	0
the minds and hearts	1
mordantly funny	1
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	0
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general	0
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful	1
not mean-spirited	1
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .	0
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	0
counter-cultural	1
plain old	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and	0
fill time	0
funny and well-contructed black comedy	1
the proficient , dull sorvino	0
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse	0
screwing	0
as rude and profane	0
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical	0
with plenty of entertainment value	1
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring	0
dramatic	1
us is a minor miracle	1
's not original enough .	0
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
formuliac , but fun .	1
enlivens	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach	1
devastating , eloquent clarity	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story	1
miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity	1
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	1
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes	1
show-stoppingly hilarious	1
of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
so potent	1
visually captivating .	1
devoid of pleasure or sensuality	0
the last 15 minutes	1
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else	0
with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
interested in entertaining itself	1
there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
sex with strangers is fascinating ...	1
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	1
as epic tragedy	0
magnificent	1
central flaw	0
put up with 146 minutes of it	0
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today	1
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point	0
an enthralling ,	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship	1
updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent	1
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	1
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
move with grace and panache	1
lazy	0
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
, rohmer 's talky films fascinate me	1
like-themed film	1
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
skillful fisher	1
are so overstated	0
oddballs	0
extremely unpleasant	0
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times	0
of clean and sober	1
transcend its genre	1
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor	0
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ,	1
unmistakable , easy joie	1
rote work and predictable	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,	0
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable	1
loosely-connected string	0
are sweet and believable ,	1
argentinean ` dramedy '	1
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	1
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen	1
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors	0
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion	0
emotionally desiccated	0
, self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool	1
, byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and	1
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	0
stylish tracking shots	1
as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
punctuated by flying guts	0
read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
gives us a reason to care about them	1
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue ,	1
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing	1
the dark	0
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '	0
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job	0
nothing to sneeze at these days	1
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but	0
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
certain	1
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
are nowhere near	0
carefully choreographed atrocities	0
shakes you vigorously for its duration	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --	1
4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	0
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller	1
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	1
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy	0
immersed in love , lust , and sin	1
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002	0
bottomlessly cynical	0
not-so-funny	0
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	1
the story has some nice twists but the ending and	1
a mediocre movie trying to get out	0
faith , love and power	1
fascinating they may be as history	1
see it	1
a bad name	0
petty	0
grand locations	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
pitifully unromantic	0
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights	1
hide its contrivances	0
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	1
a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative	1
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
has a number of holes	0
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	0
so memorable	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ,	0
no clear-cut hero	0
starving and	0
takes hold and grips hard .	1
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
although made on a shoestring and unevenly	0
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
dangerously honest	1
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
astonishingly skillful and moving	1
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	0
cleverly worked out	1
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
futile	0
have a good shot at a hollywood career ,	1
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated	0
remains prominent ,	1
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often	1
evolved from star to superstar some time	1
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie	0
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman	1
it 's a heck of a ride	1
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	1
boring talking heads , etc .	0
exhilarating new interpretation	1
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy	0
have to give them credit for : the message of the movie	1
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time	0
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	1
, warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough	1
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy	0
devolves	0
has become one of our best actors	1
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over	1
thumbs down .	0
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
lightweight , uneven action comedy	0
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut	1
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
than bad	0
inactive	0
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery	1
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor	1
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus	1
collapses	0
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses	0
old-fashioned values	1
because it has a bigger-name cast	1
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again	1
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic	0
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string	1
in a sincere performance	1
welcome , if downbeat , missive	1
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
looking at his 12th oscar nomination	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	0
watchable .	1
undernourished	0
a sexy , surprising romance	1
's a work of enthralling drama	1
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	0
the following things are not at all entertaining	0
disturbance	0
a warmth	1
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling	1
lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
fully realized story	1
its superstar	1
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	0
tends to plod .	0
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
a $ 40 million version of a game	0
, the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
this rich	1
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture	1
cliched and clunky	0
engrossing piece	1
this silly little puddle of a movie	0
lethally dull	0
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into	0
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
edge or	1
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times	0
her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset	1
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh	0
-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	1
, ghastly	0
is a masterpiece .	1
another useless recycling	0
misses the mark	0
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily	0
and narrative flow	1
infuriating film .	0
be much funnier than anything	1
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
plays like a bad soap opera	0
low-grade dreck	0
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
consistently clever and suspenseful .	1
crummy	0
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment	0
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry	1
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
it 's an ambitious film , and	1
a haunting ode to humanity	1
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie	1
fontaine masterfully	1
more frustrating	0
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...	1
is surprisingly brilliant	1
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face	1
painful lie	0
revolting	0
'll still be glued to the screen	1
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	1
's more enjoyable than i expected ,	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	1
cinematic fluidity and sense	1
ensures the film never feels draggy	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy	0
has something fascinating to do	1
, the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series	0
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	0
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success	0
failed jokes , twitchy acting ,	0
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer	1
the film shatters you in waves .	1
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else	0
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
by flashes of mordant humor	1
good-naturedly	1
's just merely very bad	0
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem	1
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	0
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
cheer flick	1
as inspiring	1
slow , painful healing process	0
all-out	0
true and historically significant	1
her material is not first-rate	0
she is a lioness	1
insipid , brutally clueless	0
powerful sequel	1
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
is a very funny , heartwarming film .	1
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	0
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing	1
nutty cliches	0
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story	0
disagreeable	0
enjoys the friday series	1
, soggy potboiler	0
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but	1
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	0
of the worst dialogue	0
arthur schnitzler 's reigen	1
, if good-hearted , movie .	1
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	0
avary seems to care about	1
be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
a lot of the smaller scenes	1
awfully deadly	0
directionless	0
are as mushy as peas	0
nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot	1
even the corniest	0
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle	1
depressingly thin and	0
poorly dubbed	0
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	1
of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth	1
is about as necessary as a hole in the head	0
made to look bad	0
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
to string together enough charming moments to work	1
one moment in the film that surprises or delights	1
( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	0
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed	0
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but	1
too many characters saying too many clever things and	0
no new insight	0
complete wash	0
full of detail	1
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm	0
infuses	1
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	0
a wonderfully warm human drama	1
gentle	1
can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
is funny , insightfully human	1
powerful young actor	1
a boring , pretentious muddle	0
embracing than monty	1
nubile young actors	1
the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez	0
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
to convince us that acting transfigures esther	0
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
this overproduced piece	0
rife with miscalculations	0
visual delight	1
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief	1
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
its dying	0
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading	0
a banal spiritual quest	0
is creepy	0
from a faraway planet	1
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
is pretty much the same all over	0
absolutely refreshed	1
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material	0
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
irritates and	0
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
's great for the kids	1
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way	1
disorientated	0
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	0
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
what the english call ` too clever by half	0
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and	1
non-exploitive approach	1
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
an entirely stale concept	0
friendship , love	1
is superficial	0
is intriguing , provocative stuff .	1
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	0
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	0
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	1
went 8 movies ago	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
blond honeys	1
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	1
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
feels free to offend	0
beautiful ,	1
have given this movie a rating of zero	0
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
the visceral sensation	1
a lively and engaging examination	1
bad movie	0
kiddie entertainment ,	1
stiff	0
, witless mess	0
never feel anything for these characters	0
corny	0
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany	0
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws	0
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley	1
makes barbershop so likable	1
cinematic poetry	1
intimate and universal cinema	1
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize	0
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
the intelligent , well-made b movie	1
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film	0
updated dickensian sensibility	1
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware	1
, painful improbability	0
results that are sometimes bracing	1
still rapturous after all these years	1
a unique culture	1
rubber-face routine	0
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer	1
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
its elegantly colorful look	1
the most part a useless movie , even	0
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
funny moment	1
surprisingly well	1
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	0
watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
human impulses that grew hideously twisted	0
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	0
too burdened by the actor	0
thought-provoking	1
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm	1
too much	0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	1
something vital about the movie	1
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long	0
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy	0
an encouraging effort from mccrudden	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces	1
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
a few laughs	1
ill-conceived action pieces	0
distinguished and thoughtful	1
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
competent , unpretentious entertainment	1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
sets out to entertain	1
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	1
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway	0
, you 're engulfed by it .	1
who , exactly , is fighting whom here	0
and dog lovers	1
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	1
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
split up so that it can do even more damage	0
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
a thin notion	0
too ludicrous	0
consistently intelligent	1
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors	1
its dying ,	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously	1
no one can hear you snore	0
best part ' of the movie	1
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	0
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest	0
freshness and modesty	1
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all	1
romantic thriller	1
what begins brightly	1
threadbare standbys	0
, then go see this delightful comedy .	1
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
goes bump in the night and nobody cares	0
predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game	0
recommend big bad love only	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	1
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	0
seal the deal	1
honest	1
cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
that it 's boring	0
stretches of impact and moments of awe	1
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
wholly	1
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth	0
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	1
most compelling	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ,	1
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking	0
has several strong performances .	1
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	0
good fun	1
stooping to base melodrama	0
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .	1
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv	1
what saves it ... and makes it	1
the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
wonderfully funny	1
with laughs	1
have returned from the beyond to warn you	0
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically	1
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts	1
luminous	1
depress	0
grow into a movie career	1
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
impossible as it may sound	0
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	1
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck	1
in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
elegant ,	1
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title	0
like having an old friend for dinner '	1
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
still have to see this !	1
overwrought	0
a majestic achievement	1
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy	0
keen insights	1
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	1
little action ,	0
through its otherwise comic narrative	1
ray liotta	1
while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or	0
just another generic drama	0
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
is violated	0
my own minority report is that it stinks .	0
and that is where ararat went astray .	0
delight .	1
a creative urge	1
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
two hours feel like four	0
a wise and powerful tale	1
rewarding .	1
skip the film	0
begin with	1
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
delightful .	1
, loud , bang-the-drum	1
does n't beat that one , either .	0
the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
spiteful idiots	0
're desperate for the evening to end .	0
but fun .	1
, do n't bother .	0
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	1
incredible imax sound system	1
the worst movie	0
captivating and	1
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
a pretty listless collection	0
but the actors make this worth a peek .	1
turning in some delightful work on indie projects	1
think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline	1
consigned to the dustbin of history	0
way fears and slights	0
beloved-major	1
it 's inauthentic at its core	0
to easy feel-good sentiments	1
of renegade-cop tales	1
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	1
self-indulgent and	0
of despair	0
as a cult film	1
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	0
it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer	0
that rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion	0
for its excellent storytelling , its economical	1
burns 's strongest film	1
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter	0
this beautifully	1
an uncomfortable experience , but	0
use of his particular talents .	1
direct-to-video stuff	0
bad rock concert	0
well-meaning	1
least favorite emotions	0
it 's quite fun in places .	1
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven	0
admirably	1
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	0
accomplish what few sequels can	1
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
are poorly	0
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
, `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
in amusing us	1
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	0
choppy ending	0
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending	0
a golden book sprung to life	1
rent those movies instead	0
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	0
the performances are worthwhile .	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ,	1
a huge heart	1
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet	1
good match	1
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck	0
the notion of deleting emotion from people	0
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
quiet	0
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
resolutely downbeat	0
affection	1
brooding and slow	0
reach satisfying conclusions	1
know what to make of this italian freakshow	0
as stiff , ponderous and charmless	0
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
powerfully evocative mood	1
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...	0
another visit	1
come off too amateurish and awkward	0
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama	1
ever so gracefully	1
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and	1
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	0
of any film more challenging or depressing	0
want to see it twice	1
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations	0
a lot better	1
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools	0
i am baffled by jason x.	0
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ,	1
a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome	1
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface	0
balanced or fair	1
an oddly winning portrayal	1
solid , psychological action film	1
more streamlined	1
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like	0
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	1
avid interest	1
marvel	1
can not be revived	0
it might have held my attention ,	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .	0
no content	0
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists	1
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .	1
not in a good way	0
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	0
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
bad direction and bad acting	0
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking	1
how good	1
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline	0
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain	0
`` superior ''	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane	1
is deeply concerned with morality	1
ally	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film	0
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	0
's an energy to y tu mamá también .	1
of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	0
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	1
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	0
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
oscar caliber cast	1
, er , bubbly	1
david spade as citizen kane ?	0
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	1
remember it .	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge	0
hoffman 's powerful acting clinic	1
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	0
, mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
an improvement on the first blade	1
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance	1
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	0
, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
's stupid	0
keep things interesting	1
, ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
charming and witty	1
perfect quiet pace	1
one of the best looking and stylish	1
uninspired	0
` ke burstein	1
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	1
who understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
and artistic transcendence	1
put hairs on your chest	1
the community	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph	1
the benefit of being able to give full performances	1
pleasing verisimilitude	1
by the standards of knucklehead swill	0
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals	1
tedious and turgid	0
a glimmer	1
low-budget series	0
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out	1
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	0
preserving	1
of bewitched that takes place during spring break	1
banal	0
all its excess debris	0
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious --	1
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	0
cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	1
, overlong soap	0
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	0
how can you charge money for this ? '	0
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
any of the signposts , as if	0
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	0
occasional jarring glimpses	1
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	1
the wonderful cinematography and	1
aging series	0
a courageous scottish lady	1
that annoying specimen	0
it might deliver again and again	1
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	0
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	1
its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate	0
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
yet , it must be admitted ,	1
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters	0
quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
patronizing	0
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments --	1
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one	0
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
a real film	1
the collaborative process	1
a zippy 96 minutes	1
ambitious film	1
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends	1
ill-equipped	0
over the end of cinema	1
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
skeptics	0
shyamalan 's gifts ,	1
starts out like a typical bible killer story	0
clever and suspenseful	1
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
have made vittorio de sica proud	1
but undernourished and plodding .	0
hooting it 's praises	1
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	0
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy	1
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
soulless techno-tripe	0
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship	0
jazzy new revisionist theories	1
you thought would leave you cold	0
washington demands and receives excellent performances	1
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
this unrelenting bleak insistence	0
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	0
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
, noisy and pretentious	0
of a minor miracle in unfaithful	1
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee	1
absurd	0
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza	1
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	1
with a sweet	1
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem	1
is oppressively heavy	0
none of the charm and little	0
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy	1
a solid action pic	1
so sloppy , so uneven ,	0
compelling character	1
brilliant piece	1
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	0
good a job as anyone	1
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
a coma	0
lax	0
the director 's experiment is a successful one .	1
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
the same number of continuity errors	0
a tired tyco ad	0
that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	0
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
to leave this loser	0
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic	1
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
need a stronger stomach than us	0
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion	1
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions	0
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller	0
found its audience ,	1
a weepy melodrama	0
patchy combination of soap opera	0
blob	0
be more genial than ingenious	0
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves	1
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies	0
a few big laughs	1
with stunning animation	1
has a film 's title served such dire warning	0
lust and love	1
translate well to film	1
enthrall the whole family	1
of a 20-car pileup	0
, at least terribly monotonous	0
enjoys	1
make it as much fun	1
painfully formulaic and stilted	0
that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
low on both suspense and payoff	0
pretty bad	0
often-funny drama	1
is the action as gripping	1
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
's not clear	0
works as pretty contagious fun	1
a quick-buck sequel	0
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
poor editing	0
surprisingly powerful and universal .	1
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
best indie of the year , so far .	1
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	1
less funny than it should be and	0
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer	0
that 's lived too long	0
`` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	0
dreary expanse	0
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	0
an opportunity missed .	0
cheery and tranquil	1
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	0
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	1
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	1
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle	0
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	0
gives the story some soul	1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about	0
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	0
an interest	1
, but because of the startling intimacy	1
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and	1
top form	1
muy loco	0
get out	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable	1
are many definitions of ` time waster '	0
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .	1
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .	0
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
a bottom-feeder sequel	0
makes a better short story than it does a film	0
precarious	0
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
what he could make with a decent budget	1
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds	0
von sydow ...	1
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	0
zany '	1
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
spreads itself too thin	0
an intellectual exercise	1
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions	1
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned	0
is an interesting movie	1
be considered a funny little film	1
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
enormously enjoyable	1
charmless	0
redundant and inauthentic	0
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	0
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
both contrived and cliched	0
its unique feel	1
is , by itself , deserving of discussion	1
laugh-out-loud funny	1
dimwits	0
gritty , sometimes funny	1
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one	0
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	0
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	1
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about	0
crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	0
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion	1
are simply dazzling ,	1
the history is fascinating ;	1
( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
unrelated shorts	0
a place in your heart	1
while some of the camera work is interesting	1
hope and magic	1
featuring reams of flatly	0
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy	0
nice piece of work .	1
plotless , shapeless	0
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired	0
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	1
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals	1
squanders its beautiful women	0
( a ) crushing disappointment	0
willing to have fun with it	1
how very bad	0
a commanding screen presence	1
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	0
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid	0
artistic transcendence	1
as any other arnie musclefest	0
hate myself most mornings .	0
finest films	1
uncompromising , difficult	0
true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya	1
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see	0
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	0
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness	0
sensational	1
family drama	1
, revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling	1
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes	0
flat , unconvincing drama	0
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live )	0
kind of terrific	1
the wisdom and humor	1
manipulative	0
shout insults at the screen	0
, well ,	1
dignified ceo	1
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
stale , futile scenario	0
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .	0
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither	0
dimness	0
attracting audiences	1
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	0
with a bright future ahead of him	1
we are undeniably touched .	1
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	1
my problem with the movie 's final half hour	0
richly detailed , deftly executed and	1
smart and alert	1
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ,	1
of small-town competition	1
tabloid	0
truths emerge .	1
for no better reason	0
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen	0
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	1
tiresomely	0
entirely wholesome	1
gratitude	1
too long to shake	0
everything is off .	0
a huge sacrifice	1
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
the plight	0
excruciatingly unfunny and	0
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man	1
lecherous	0
that the movie has virtually nothing to show	0
unabashedly romantic picture	1
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it	0
treasure chest	1
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation	1
best brush	1
in the present	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	0
described as a ghost story gone badly awry	0
dumb gags	0
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary	1
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what	1
spiffy	1
earned my indignant , preemptive departure	0
most original american productions	1
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	1
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	0
offers an interesting look	1
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined	0
a compelling story to tell	1
contemplation	1
are underwhelming	0
a one-of-a-kind work	1
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	1
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	1
on the shoulders of its actors	1
is superficial and	0
see this	1
chilling and fascinating	1
of the best looking and stylish	1
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .	1
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
like one long	0
a sense-of-humour failure	0
ingenious fun	1
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
be as subtle and touching as the son 's room	1
squander jennifer love hewitt	0
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema	0
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	0
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
control-alt-delete	0
begging for attention	0
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys	1
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
overbearing and	0
occasionally flawed ,	0
faked	0
compelling , provocative and prescient	1
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
a well-made pb & j sandwich	1
limp eddie murphy	0
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
half-baked setups and	0
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows	1
leave this loser	0
embraces it , energizes it and	1
great artistic significance	1
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't	0
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails	0
delivers a magnetic performance	1
is one helluva singer .	1
a cold , calculated exercise	0
canada	1
to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
rousing , g-rated family film	1
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke	0
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
crappy movies	0
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
for a great film noir	1
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
love and power	1
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun	1
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
uneven but a lot of fun	1
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	1
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	0
fills me with revulsion	0
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ,	0
ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
the right film	1
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them	1
homage	1
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	1
remarkably alluring film	1
stripped almost entirely	0
marshall keeps the energy humming , and	1
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon	1
sell us on this twisted love story	1
is sordid and disgusting	0
awesome work :	1
that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
many talented people	1
america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
random glass-shattering	0
feel like mopping up	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy	1
buoyant delivery	1
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american	1
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity	1
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper ,	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and	1
funniest and most likeable movie	1
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
88 minutes of exaggerated action	0
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck	1
meditation )	1
grace and humor	1
an intense political and psychological thriller	1
callow rich boy	0
hollow , self-indulgent , and	0
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	0
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	0
in search of purpose or even a plot	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy	0
freshness and	1
's too close to real life to make sense	0
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad	0
strangely schizo cartoon	0
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation	0
choppy recycling	0
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
definitely funny stuff ,	1
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	0
has n't aged a day	1
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats	1
attracts the young and fit	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation	1
of the recent hollywood trip tripe	0
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one	1
more often than not hits the bullseye	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	1
a delightful romantic comedy	1
horrible pains	0
trusted audiences	1
( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )	1
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion ,	1
wild ride ''	1
its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
leaving questions in its wake	0
that should be punishable by chainsaw	0
expected	0
adds a much needed moral weight	1
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it	1
humor and humanity	1
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in	1
may be based on a true and historically significant story	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market	0
gorgeous and	1
no solace here , no entertainment value ,	0
but something far more stylish and cerebral	1
that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
equate to being good ,	1
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
too damn weird	0
two tedious	0
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor	1
george hickenlooper 's	1
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
occasionally inspired dialogue bits	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	1
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	1
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	0
an idea of expectation	1
works on any number of levels	1
it 's never as solid as you want it to be	0
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god	0
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	0
: stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
a forceful drama	1
of disney 's great past	1
sitcomishly predictable and cloying	0
come up with a better script	0
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures	1
, heartwarming film	1
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters	1
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	1
with an astoundingly rich film	1
to face frightening late fees	0
rip-roaring	1
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	0
bounces around with limp wrists	0
may fall fast asleep .	0
ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang	0
falls short	0
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
rendered with such clarity	1
thoughtful dialogue	1
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images	1
waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes	0
from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
floundering way	0
's truly deserving of its oscar nomination	1
its unhurried narrative	1
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity	1
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
an aimlessness	0
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	1
to proceed as the world implodes	0
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
keener is marvelous	1
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
bones tickled	1
symbiotic relationship	1
extremely flat	0
has virtually nothing to show	0
it is n't entirely persuasive	0
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
'' never cuts corners .	1
, solid storytelling .	1
brilliant and macabre	1
best little	1
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ,	1
more compelling	1
cross between xxx and vertical limit .	1
solid cast	1
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
a worthy idea	1
know what it wants to be when it grows up	1
a vibrant , colorful world	1
dramas like this make it human .	1
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it	0
about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
as rewarding	1
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
very enjoyable ...	1
mark ms. bullock 's best work	1
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ...	1
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	1
, silly and monotonous	0
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy	0
quite tasty and	1
awfully good , achingly human picture	1
intellectual and	1
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
make like the title and dodge this one	0
wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
just does n't make sense	0
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .	1
a crass and insulting homage	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ,	0
is an absolute delight for all audiences	1
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	0
is still worth	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated	0
jeunet	1
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently	0
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth	0
draws you in	1
so impersonal or even shallow	0
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script	1
was entranced .	1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for	0
revisionist fancy	1
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad	1
carnage and	0
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy	1
it did n't	0
gifted performers	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue	0
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it	1
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ...	1
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	0
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally	1
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	0
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
elegantly produced and expressively performed	1
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies	0
suffers because of its many excesses	0
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,	0
do we really need the tiger beat version ?	0
woozy quality	0
unique and inherent	1
be depressing	0
this project was undertaken	0
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films	1
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
a retread story	0
cheap-looking version	0
a mess from start to finish	0
want to think too much about what 's going on	0
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	0
its sincere acting	1
will have a fun , no-frills ride	1
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	0
the book 's irreverent energy ,	1
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst	1
is n't very interesting	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,	1
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	1
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic	1
feels limited by its short running time	0
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
are all things we 've seen before	0
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	0
has a sure hand .	1
one of the funniest motion	1
of crucifixion	0
a moral	1
to be favorably compared to das boot	1
an enthusiastic audience	1
its lavish formalism	1
legs	1
of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	1
the world they love and make	1
created a provocative ,	1
right movie	1
photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	1
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	0
has a kind of hard , cold effect	0
visually flashy	1
effective portrait	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny ,	1
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	1
... a bland , pretentious mess .	0
weirdness for the sake of weirdness	0
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen	1
pack some serious suspense	1
transcends their predicament	1
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	0
suspend your disbelief here and now ,	0
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing	0
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	1
than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite	1
reality-snubbing	0
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream	1
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
one of the better video-game-based flicks ,	1
compassion , good-natured humor	1
is it a comedy ?	0
unblinking work	1
low-rent --	0
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this	0
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him	1
is more than a movie .	1
the marvelous first 101 minutes	1
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .	1
the molehill	0
good yarn	1
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition	0
creepy and vague	0
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	1
in the right direction	1
enjoyable family fare	1
dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
you know there 's something there .	1
a climax	1
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
voyeuristic spectacle	1
disdain	0
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	1
an interesting racial tension	1
care	1
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening	0
café	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength	0
lively songs for deft punctuation	1
life ,	1
more playful tone	1
is thought-provoking	1
high romance ,	1
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man	0
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid	0
it has its faults , but	0
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
to be a breath of fresh air	1
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
most antsy youngsters	1
family comedy	1
was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had	0
all bluster and cliché	0
pathetic exploitation film	0
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?	0
druggy and self-indulgent	0
two fatal ailments	0
a gripping documentary that	1
popcorn adventure	1
the best special effects	1
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas	1
considered a funny little film	1
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing	0
most repugnant	0
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
of the worst movies of one year	0
quirky and fearless ability	1
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	0
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile	1
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
inventive , consistently intelligent and	1
this trite , predictable rehash	0
told well	1
of riveting set pieces	1
straight-to-video	0
artistically	1
becoming a christmas perennial	1
are in this tepid genre offering	0
botching a routine assignment	0
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it	0
a smoother , more focused	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	1
's quite an achievement	1
astronomically bad	0
a tremendous piece of work .	1
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
seen it all before in one form or another	0
overstays its natural running time	0
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot	0
of epic adventure	1
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago	0
directs an equally miserable film the following year	0
quietly hopeful	1
two-dimensional offerings	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation	0
that rare combination	1
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
more grueling and	0
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	1
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly	0
spare wildlife	1
but it 's just too too much	0
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical	1
, you ca n't miss it .	1
with humor and lightness	1
harsh	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	0
the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan	1
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
interesting and at times	1
that criticizing feels more like commiserating	0
low-budget and tired	0
a stirring , funny	1
, it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	1
honest performances	1
rock and stolid anthony hopkins	1
also nicely done	1
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites	0
a number of holes	0
an infinitely wittier version	1
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
raw emotion	1
routine stuff yuen	0
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	1
people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
interesting effort	1
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth	1
skip this turd	0
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
pity	0
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	1
is silly but strangely believable .	1
overweight and out	0
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
flinging their feces at you	0
passionate , tumultuous affair	1
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
the power of the huston performance ,	1
under-rehearsed	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was	0
the down-to-earth bullock	1
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	1
boredom to the point of collapse ,	0
overall feelings , broader ideas ,	1
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
gradually accumulates more layers	1
triumphs	1
soderbergh 's best films , ``	1
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people	1
slow for a younger crowd	0
riveting story	1
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level	0
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation	1
irreconcilable	0
deserves a place of honor next to nanook	1
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually	1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	0
of intelligent humor	1
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless	0
with this one too	1
filmed directly	1
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .	1
lush scenery	1
and mainly unfunny	0
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	0
this little $ 1.8 million charmer	1
` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood	1
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity	1
there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
the campaign-trail press	1
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot	0
fairly revealing	1
it 's a scorcher .	1
sabotaged	0
lonely	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and	1
should drop everything and run to ichi .	1
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does	1
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
like this movie a lot	1
americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
cliché-laden screenplay	0
cheapening	0
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy	1
good spirits	1
a listless climb	0
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
is a lumbering , wheezy drag	0
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	1
moved	1
charismatic and tragically	1
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic	1
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
the biggest problem	0
is too crazy to be interesting	0
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	0
teens are looking for something to make them laugh	1
be profane ,	0
with all its botches	0
too clichéd and	0
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie	1
an inspirational love story	1
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows	0
vivid , spicy footnote	1
communicates something	1
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	0
most horrific movie experience	0
great performances , stylish cinematography	1
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ,	1
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	1
, it 's too long and unfocused .	0
of the big summer movies	1
do n't say you were n't warned	0
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie	0
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
valiant	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,	1
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	1
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes	1
beautifully animated epic	1
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more	0
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp	1
plotting and mindless	0
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	1
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had	0
lumbering load	0
that they are actually releasing it into theaters	0
joy	1
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul	1
striking , quietly vulnerable personality	1
a very old-school kind	0
go where the moment takes them	1
be liked sometimes	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and	0
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit	0
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and	1
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations	0
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -	1
a fresh view of an old type	1
pristine style and bold colors	1
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun	0
a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur	1
has really found his groove these days .	1
my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
that is where ararat went astray .	0
only makeup-deep	0
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper	1
secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	0
lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed	0
a been-there , done-that sameness	0
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre	1
played for maximum moisture	1
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
no means a slam-dunk	0
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .	1
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .	1
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies	0
the grade as tawdry trash	0
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	1
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that	1
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore	0
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces	0
botched in execution	0
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be	1
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose	1
been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
makes it a party worth attending .	1
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama	1
numbing experience	0
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	0
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
no discernible feeling	0
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
enjoy for a lifetime	1
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action	1
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
a wry , affectionate delight .	1
the one that i want	1
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
you 've ever seen	1
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure	1
so meditative and lyrical	1
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	0
does a good job	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch	0
to its proper home	1
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking	1
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .	0
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	1
a sports extravaganza	1
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool	1
gap	0
sick and	0
nearly every cliché	0
conventional ,	0
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
jump-in-your-seat	1
beautiful , angry and sad	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but	0
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
a moving tale of love and destruction	1
this interminable , shapeless documentary	0
emotional evolution	1
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .	0
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
squashed	0
recording	1
on great scares and a good surprise ending	1
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death	1
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects	0
paints a grand picture of an era and	1
hypermasculine	0
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .	1
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
bewilderingly	0
foolish	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but	1
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	0
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted	0
but what is missing from it all is a moral .	0
deceit and murder	0
giddy and provocative sexual	1
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema	1
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	1
a ship as leaky	0
a colorful , joyous celebration	1
worthy idea	1
, whimsical feature	1
off-puttingly cold	0
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	0
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama	0
the best	1
moments of promise	1
perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
cliche pileup	0
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .	1
that 's good enough .	1
solidly entertaining and moving	1
very real and amusing	1
without being memorable	0
most refreshing about real women have curves	1
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious	1
with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
does strong , measured work .	1
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?	1
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse	0
amazing finesse	1
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
a child 's interest and	1
of its actors	1
to make a big splash .	1
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
carries almost no organic intrigue	0
even lower-wit	0
still feels counterproductive	0
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned	0
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
wonderful but	1
offbeat thriller	1
degenerates	0
the plot kicks into gear	1
they could n't have done in half an hour	0
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today	1
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
multi-character story	1
true to his principles	1
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	1
not just ticking , but humming	1
reminds us of our own responsibility	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact	1
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers	0
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	0
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series	0
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake ,	1
has a rather unique approach to documentary	1
be lost on the target audience	0
and intermittently hilarious	1
's kind of insulting , both to men and women	0
poignant	1
mushy , existential exploration	0
last 15 years	1
the right to be favorably compared to das boot	1
, he has no clue about making a movie	0
have a new favorite musical	1
deal with the subject of love head-on	1
while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
desultory	0
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	1
practically every facet of inept filmmaking	0
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing	1
inappropriate	0
utilizing	1
recommend this film	1
delivering in good measure	1
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
slob	0
pleasantly and	1
admittedly manipulative	0
humanly	1
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie	0
mawkish	0
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
a sour taste in your mouth	0
, ` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned	0
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
a seriously bad film with seriously	0
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
, it 's not half-bad .	1
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties	0
berlin	1
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
knows , and very likely is	1
hopes and dreams	1
is definitely worth seeing .	1
welcomes	1
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	1
may well	1
a crisp psychological drama ( and )	1
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	1
oddly colorful and	1
like the excruciating end of days	0
10-course banquet	1
from a sharper , cleaner script	1
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life	1
many of these gross	0
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand	0
is a whole lot of nada	0
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie	0
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
disappointingly generic	0
a more sheerly beautiful film	1
to a sunshine state	1
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two	1
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie	0
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
environmental pollution	0
the same old garbage	0
less bling-bling	0
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
a low-budget hybrid	0
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	0
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	0
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting	0
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit	1
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	1
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general	0
trying to laugh at how bad	0
applying definition to both sides of the man	1
directed but terminally cute drama .	1
evocative shades	1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ,	0
like a sucker	0
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
an elegant visual sense and a talent	1
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and	1
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
a hard time	0
austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
as intellectual masterpieces	1
deserved co-winner	1
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music	0
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year --	1
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest	1
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
thrilling combination	1
fun with it all	1
any of these despicable characters	0
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	1
best comedy concert movie	1
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
their own immaturity	0
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	0
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage	1
stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
immature provocations	0
immersed in a foreign culture only	1
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	1
crime	0
organized	1
sequel-for-the-sake	0
with a zippy jazzy score	1
exactly how bad	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video	0
's the butt of its own joke	0
far-flung , illogical ,	0
truly in love with a girl	1
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible	1
its absurdities and crudities	0
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	0
whimsicality	1
, sloppy	0
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
its attractive young leads	1
poetry in motion captured on film .	1
beaten	0
is well told	1
such an achievement	1
drags out	0
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role	1
antonio banderas	1
obnoxiously	0
a slapdash mess	0
precisely	1
best script	1
a big fat pain .	0
to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story	1
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be	0
a lousy one at that	0
played and smartly directed	1
are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
sincere , and just	1
generous and	1
the misconceived final 5	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen	0
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
sexy razzle-dazzle	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece	1
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
sentimental journey	1
appropriate	1
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .	0
sub-formulaic	0
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	1
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
effortlessly draws you in	1
witty feature	1
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
dreaded	0
rare trick	1
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	1
kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script	0
spectacularly ugly-looking broad	0
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history	1
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,	0
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter	1
motherhood	1
what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
dazzle and delight us	1
are just two of the elements that will grab you	1
cold , nervy and memorable	1
for a film that has nothing	0
fresh view	1
the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant	0
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
frightening late fees	0
small in scope , yet perfectly formed	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages	0
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	1
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and	0
fantastic visual trope	1
with impressive results	1
a sharp satire	1
grows	1
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	0
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
is hell	0
goofball action comedy	1
more of an ordeal than an amusement	0
, provocative and prescient	1
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and	1
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
of a genre gem	1
mere plot pawn	0
like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits	0
smash its face in	0
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
stylishly directed with verve	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and	1
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition	1
loyalty	1
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	1
more than a whiff of exploitation	0
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
you 'll enjoy this movie .	1
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie	1
stereotypical	0
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .	1
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack	1
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
bang-up job	1
is little else	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	0
four-star	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring	0
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
we can enjoy as mild escapism	1
like bad cinema	0
's supposed to be a romantic comedy	0
a strong script ,	1
too slow for a younger crowd	0
a longtime tolkien fan	1
sterling	1
sluggish	0
glum	0
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials	0
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	0
your typical junkie opera	0
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
perfectly executed and	1
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
creating an intriguing species of artifice	1
throwing up his hands in surrender	0
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	1
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	0
a bright , inventive	1
the most thoughtful fictional examination	1
the dimming of a certain ambition	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are	1
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
is unfocused	0
works smoothly	1
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	0
pretty good execution	1
perversely	0
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	1
has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
surreal ache of mortal awareness	1
more grueling and time-consuming	0
as two-day old porridge	0
under the skin of her characters	1
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
it a step further , richer and deeper	1
tidal	1
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
offers opportunities for occasional smiles	1
going for that pg-13 rating	1
will enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	1
bad ideas and awkwardness	0
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain	1
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	0
spikes of sly humor	1
unemployment	0
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
adding the rich details and	1
a terrible movie that some people	0
including a knockout of a closing line	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one	0
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	1
standout	1
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	0
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	1
mumbo jumbo	0
not-nearly	0
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste	0
agile performers	1
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless	0
up walking out not only satisfied but	1
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
and sumptuous stream	1
memorable and	1
is a mess from start to finish	0
a compelling motion	1
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time	0
the film has some of the best special effects ever	1
gets vivid , convincing performances	1
rusted-out ruin	0
it will warm your heart	1
amusing from time	1
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over	1
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
bias	0
hossein	1
, mean-spirited lashing	0
have a whale of a good time .	1
will be well worth your time .	1
deserve better	0
a tired , unnecessary retread	0
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
independent or	1
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
lame .	0
fine	1
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	1
deceit	0
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality	1
elaborate	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before	1
loyal fans	1
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but	1
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	1
hack script	0
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss	0
are also	1
flakiness	0
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus	1
a legend	1
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
a strong narrative	1
ranges from bad to bodacious	0
a quietly introspective portrait	1
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .	1
best films	1
undernourished and	0
be very sweet	1
is a gem	1
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	1
witless mess	0
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart	1
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching	1
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
simply astounding	1
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	1
an erotic thriller	1
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
hormonal melodrama	0
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
say something about its subjects	1
a terrible movie , just	0
make a classic theater piece	1
, life-affirming moments	1
more quick-witted than any english lit	1
the most part a useless movie , even with	0
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	0
generous and deep	1
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
this dumas adaptation entertains	1
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot	0
great visual stylists	1
sleekness	1
is well-crafted	1
fresh	1
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
so intimate and sensual and funny	1
steadfast	1
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor	1
smutty	0
a rich tale	1
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion	0
as much fun	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace	0
yawning	0
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value	0
importance	1
too painfully	0
worry	0
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise	1
compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
embracing	1
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	0
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
and ( too ) short	0
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	1
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
a fascinating character study	1
trivializing it	0
poetic ,	1
glorious spectacle	1
the quirky and recessive charms	1
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	0
technical flaws to get in the way	0
of clichés and borrowed images	0
to recommend it	1
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ,	1
to be something of a sitcom apparatus	0
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie	0
wiseman is patient	1
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
attractive and talented actors	1
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	0
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	1
tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
banal and predictable .	0
huge heart	1
to learn , to grow ,	1
find millions of eager fans	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy	1
a great deal of thought	1
most virtuous	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time	1
matches about it .	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness	1
spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
're out there ! ''	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist	1
every joke is repeated at least four times .	0
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	0
impressively true for being so hot-blooded	1
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
be depressing ,	0
the best and most exciting movies	1
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	1
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	1
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
the finest	1
a thinking man 's	1
all too familiar ...	0
much of the action takes place	1
though a capable thriller	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	1
told with sharp ears and eyes	1
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
of almost bergmanesque intensity	1
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
leigh makes these lives count .	1
lack-of-attention span	0
a bit cold and	0
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	1
the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
low budget	0
worked	1
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band	1
diesel is n't the actor to save it .	0
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
ultimately very satisfying	1
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels	1
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary	0
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	0
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and	0
fantastic dual performance	1
is a slight and uninventive movie	0
particularly impressive	1
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale	1
plus	1
utterly convincing	1
the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks	1
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	0
slow death	0
is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre	1
charm and heart	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me	0
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
narc is all menace and atmosphere .	0
brittle desperation	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty	1
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
falling in love	1
luckiest stroke	1
bring on the sequel	1
for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains	0
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often	1
dying and	0
candy and cheeky	1
lax and limp	0
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
scuttled	0
falls flat as thinking man	0
absorbing movie	1
excites the imagination and	1
sumptuous work	1
one-star	0
a sentimental mess that never rings true	0
depressing , ruthlessly pained	0
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ,	1
damn weird	0
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	1
stylish psychological thriller	1
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	0
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
a smile on your face	1
the terrifying message	0
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative	0
an erotic thriller that	1
's episode of behind the music	1
anchored by splendid performances	1
the obnoxious title character	0
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ,	1
stilted	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	0
tackling serious themes	1
holds promise ,	1
desperate for work and food	0
an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game	1
hefty helping	1
'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
are far more alienating than involving	0
a refreshingly forthright one	1
steven shainberg 's adaptation	1
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script	0
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers --	0
on shame	0
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...	0
of these despicable characters	0
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family	1
find much fascination	1
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it	0
it looks good ,	1
turn his movie in an unexpected direction	1
is strictly routine .	0
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel )	1
savory and	1
to duck the very issues it raises	0
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .	0
it 's worth the concentration .	1
and ,	1
your own cleverness	1
the cleverest ,	1
the powerful success	1
that kate is n't very bright , but	0
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs	1
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender	0
of what it actually means to face your fears	1
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
his work with actors is particularly impressive .	1
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
your disgust	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .	1
hallmark card sentimentality	0
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
unsubtle and	0
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line	0
at heart is a sweet little girl	1
stuffiest	0
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	0
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	0
the wanton slipperiness	0
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories	1
a successful adaptation	1
into an ocean of trouble	0
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	1
one of our best actors	1
banged their brains into the ground	0
's both charming	1
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen	0
patriot	1
by writer-director kurt wimmer	1
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage	0
overly melodramatic ...	0
will grab you	1
disguised as a feature film	0
lush	1
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election ,	1
hand it to director george clooney	1
mediocre horror film	0
jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
spectacularly outrageous	1
the holocaust escape story	1
well-told	1
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing	0
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen	0
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours	1
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity	0
this oddly sweet comedy	1
is sadly	0
essential	1
compelling film .	1
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	1
martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying	0
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace	0
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,	0
this is not a jackie chan movie .	0
its greatest play	1
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	0
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities	1
a total lack of empathy	0
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	1
forgive the flaws and love the film	1
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company ,	0
's still terrible !	0
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank	0
gripping drama .	1
smart and	1
dialogue and likeable characters	1
a culture-clash comedy	1
everything else about the film tanks .	0
the story ... is hackneyed	0
overrun modern-day comedies	0
this loser	0
to be delightfully compatible here	1
has its rewards	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and	0
interesting psychological game	1
disreputable	0
its shortcomings	0
decent popcorn adventure	1
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	1
it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial	0
conquers	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	0
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .	0
tolerate leon barlow	0
brilliant movie	1
rushed , slapdash ,	0
highly-praised	1
there , done that ... a thousand times already	0
are funny	1
lumpy as two-day old porridge	0
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer	1
above all	1
reserved but existential	1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	0
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby '	1
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	0
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes	0
on an inferior level	0
is its energy	1
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	0
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy	1
trademark grin	1
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	1
jealousy	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure :	0
failure .	0
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard ,	0
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all	0
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
is infectious	1
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
take an entirely stale concept and	0
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
showcases the city 's old-world charm	1
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	0
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	0
handles it in the most unexpected way	1
a playful spirit	1
to be embraced	1
watch these two	1
merely bad rather than painfully awful	0
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short	0
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering	0
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge	0
intense and engrossing head-trip	1
otherwise the production is suitably elegant	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking	1
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
more hackneyed	0
with vibrant charm	1
ca n't help but engage an audience	1
love moore or	1
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september	0
idiotic	0
deft	1
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	0
the worst elements of all of them	0
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools	0
finely	1
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
to recovering from its demented premise	0
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world	1
groaner	0
is a pretty good job	1
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes	1
decent	1
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
, in itself , is extraordinary .	1
strokes the eyeballs	1
easy jokes and insults	0
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view	1
playful respite	1
an improvement	1
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
give you a few laughs	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ,	1
loved this film	1
insane	0
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	0
engaging , imaginative filmmaking	1
frustratingly timid and soggy	0
should see it as soon as possible	1
retard 101	0
badly made on every level	0
safe as a children 's film	1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	1
ideally	1
they fascinate in their recklessness .	1
shamelessly manipulative and contrived	0
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
to the always hilarious meara and levy	1
remarkably	1
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly	1
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	0
thrills and extreme	1
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience	1
like this movie a lot .	1
the perfect material	1
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
stale	0
gone badly awry	0
a lumbering , wheezy drag	0
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
a hazy high	1
inventive director	1
into one terrific story with lots of laughs	1
true events	1
honest working man john q. archibald ,	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that	0
` laugh therapy '	1
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism	1
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society	1
who know nothing about the subject	0
for each other	1
more balanced or fair portrayal	1
humorous observations	1
be mesmerised	1
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking	1
a good chance	1
disjointed parody .	0
wit and humor	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen	1
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	0
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	0
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy	0
largest-ever historical canvas	1
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast	0
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
is still very much worth seeing	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and	1
feels like a glossy rehash .	0
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace	1
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian	0
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	0
of its own brilliance	1
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	0
predecessors	1
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	0
an unholy mess	0
never rises to a higher level	0
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc	1
warm and well-told	1
the highest power of all is the power of love	1
're in a slap-happy mood	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject	0
of junk	0
a cinematic fluidity and sense	1
gutter romancer 's	0
painfully flat gross-out comedy	0
proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
pristine	1
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss	0
a sense of mystery	1
the writing is indifferent	0
mind-numbingly awful	0
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
deft punctuation	1
it has a genuine dramatic impact	1
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull	0
bad hair design	0
video games are more involving than this mess .	0
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	0
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
to be really awful	0
triumphant	1
loneliness and isolation	0
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way ,	1
of the smarter offerings the horror genre	1
comfortable	1
contradictory	0
that this is n't something to be taken seriously	0
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or	0
workplace ambition	1
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue	1
britney 's cutoffs	0
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	0
beginning with the pale script	0
good intentions leads to the video store	0
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
they do n't fit well together and	0
appealing couple	1
a weird and wonderful comedy .	1
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	1
does everything	1
you can taste it ,	1
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions	0
lifeless rumblings	0
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation	0
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
which should appeal to women	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ;	1
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time	0
a small movie with a big heart .	1
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but	0
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	1
good actors	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel	1
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme	1
gives the lie	0
bona fide	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	0
crudity	0
gives gifts to grownups	1
go but down	0
a gripping drama .	1
encompassing	1
seem one-dimensional	0
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****	0
fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work	1
sex with strangers	1
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy	0
their romances	1
a mere excuse	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though	1
it preaches	0
pleasant	1
pitch-perfect holden	1
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	0
faster , livelier	1
unsettled	0
turn on many people to opera ,	1
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist	0
the worst movies of one year	0
stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
hilarious adventure	1
for children	1
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises	1
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	1
rather thin	0
become a historically significant work	1
aimlessly and	0
half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
a simple message	1
the talented cast	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but	1
a first-class road movie that proves you	1
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	1
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ,	1
war	0
bitterly	0
introduce video as art	1
in increasingly incoherent fashion	0
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	0
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	1
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down	1
is thought-provoking .	1
fair amount	1
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in	0
parents beware	0
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived	1
the strength of their own cleverness	1
, there 's something vital about the movie .	1
safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter	1
mindless action	0
important , original talent	1
lost the ability to think	0
favorite musical	1
relationship and	1
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb	1
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	0
fancy	1
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
the euphoria of growing up	1
a stab	0
trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness	1
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
watch if you only had a week to live	1
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
illuminating comedy	1
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
ringside seat	1
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through	0
is funny .	1
some interesting storytelling devices	1
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama	0
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	0
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent	1
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) ,	0
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
me feel unclean	0
as nudity , profanity and violence	0
is n't nearly as funny	0
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
the sexual politics too smug	0
even-toned direction	1
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	1
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser	1
this somewhat tired premise	0
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
is off his game	0
love and compassion	1
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
america 's thirst	1
juiced	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot and	1
the most awful acts	0
the most entertaining moments	1
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .	1
bland animated sequel	0
a cliché left	0
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
is a movie that understands characters must come first	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
and twisted characters	1
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves	1
exhaustingly contrived	0
the pictures do the punching	1
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance	0
a teenybopper ed wood film ,	1
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	1
verges on the amateurish	0
superb performers	1
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad	0
becomes long and tedious	0
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	1
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph	1
mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
edge	1
it 's a lousy one at that .	0
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been	0
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff	0
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	0
a knowing	1
likable movie	1
was , by its moods , and by its subtly	1
a sensitive , moving	1
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	0
draws us in long	1
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	1
another boorish movie	0
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike	0
maddening	0
plays like a tired tyco ad .	0
in love with a girl	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and	0
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés	0
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless	0
american blockbusters	1
last-place basketball	0
macabre	0
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself	1
of his spiritual survival	1
an earnest study in despair	1
impeccable sense	1
creepy	0
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives	0
it should have stayed there .	0
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait	1
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity	1
observant , unfussily poetic	1
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	0
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
to do , too little time to do it in	0
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	0
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
( or robert aldrich	1
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
otherworldly	1
elegance and maturity	1
of being a bit undisciplined	0
's fairly lame	0
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall	0
unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache	1
choppy and sloppy	0
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	0
overlong , and bombastic	0
to include anything even halfway scary	0
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	1
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	1
say it 's on par with the first one	1
looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel	0
a great way to spend 4 units of your day	1
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown	1
a movie of riveting power and sadness	1
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be	0
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him	1
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet	0
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera	1
it does have one saving grace .	1
educates viewers	1
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	1
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
that works on any number of levels	1
the rotting underbelly	0
deeper and more engaging	1
any way demeaning its subjects	0
noise , mayhem and stupidity	0
a high water mark for this genre	1
pollution	0
fails on so many levels	0
ca n't really call it a work of art	0
a tiny sense of hope	1
's fun ,	1
profound cinema	1
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
it 's robert duvall !	1
excruciatingly	0
a miraculous movie	1
looked like crap	0
really rattling the viewer	0
effecting change	1
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot	0
distasteful	0
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy	1
she may not be real , but the laughs are .	1
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious ,	1
is more interesting ( and funnier )	1
strangely impersonal and abstract	0
awe and affection	1
, thought-provoking new york fest	1
hollywood fluff	0
a casual intelligence	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	0
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting	0
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism	1
in charm	1
four-star movie	1
muddled ,	0
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
crummy .	0
much baked cardboard	0
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive	1
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie	0
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
a heart , mind or humor	1
( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	1
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	1
does have its charms .	1
to shock and amaze	1
really cool bit	1
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books	1
shrewdly	1
cussing	0
is uniformly superb	1
address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away	1
, state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
my only complaint	0
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	0
positively	1
both gentle and biting	1
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
gives added clout to this doc	1
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
phony relationship	0
usual spielberg flair	1
that comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
, i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
schmaltz	0
by top-billed star bruce willis	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	1
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg	1
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	0
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke	0
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	1
to have their kids	1
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling	0
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
norton is magnetic as graham .	1
vaguely interesting	1
is all the more remarkable because it	1
it definitely gives you something to chew on	1
black-and-white	0
rollicking good time	1
none-too-original	0
the funniest and most accurate depiction	1
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions	1
ability to think	1
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny )	1
surprisingly gentle	1
thoroughly satisfying entertainment	1
weirdly beautiful place	1
an established filmmaker	1
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy	1
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie	1
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic	1
soggy performances	0
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive	0
all the comic possibilities of its situation	1
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
a watch that makes time go faster rather than	1
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --	0
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness	1
reaches across time and distance	1
vulgar and forgettably	0
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
a new , or inventive , journey	1
be a bit disjointed	0
freshening	1
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
unmemorable	0
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	0
abbass 's understated	1
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
holds you in rapt attention	1
film school undergrad	0
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	0
, spiteful idiots	0
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior	0
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity	1
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
the strain is all too evident	0
incessantly	0
funniest	1
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you	0
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
steve martin	1
watchable	1
an honored screen veteran	1
a flat , plodding picture	0
wild ride	1
has a compelling story to tell	1
ultra-violent gangster wannabe	0
grows on you .	1
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
powerful , naturally dramatic piece	1
armed with a game supporting cast	1
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
tediously	0
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
, funny , even punny 6	1
an intelligent person	1
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
to death	0
is so anemic	0
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss	1
it was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and	1
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy	0
wondrous	1
of being a good documentarian	1
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal	1
is smart , not cloying .	1
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances	1
is n't always coherent	0
the edge of your seat	1
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
, vibrant introduction	1
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect	1
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
shining star	1
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm	0
a gangster movie with the capacity	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons	0
with an inauspicious	0
most impressive player	1
the gloss	1
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
a remarkable new trick	1
, the project should have been made for the tube .	0
makes the journey feel like a party	1
raise audience 's spirits and	1
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	1
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic	0
for something entertaining	1
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
could be considered a funny little film	1
an important political documentary	1
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	0
dumb down	0
tackled a meaty subject and	1
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast	1
a dud	0
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
offers no new insight	0
contains no wit , only labored gags	0
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	0
a minimalist beauty and	1
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
living mug shots	0
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out	0
inside information	1
entertain or inspire its viewers	1
it 's far from fresh-squeezed	0
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
the trees hooting it 's praises	1
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	1
extraordinarily	1
hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
the film is well-crafted and	1
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ,	1
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	0
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy	1
oscar wilde 's classic satire	1
no wit , only labored gags	0
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual	0
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection	1
the plot has a number of holes ,	0
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency	1
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
crass , then gasp for gas ,	0
a noble failure .	0
her third feature will be something to behold	1
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
unexceptional	0
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists :	0
good actors , even kingsley	1
engaging mystery	1
the two and	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ...	0
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) .	0
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
let 's get this thing over with	0
street-smart	1
joke	0
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation	0
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen	1
nothing distinguishing	0
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease	1
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope	1
inventive moments	1
to classify as it is hard to resist	1
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	1
a smartly written motion picture	1
( a ) mess	0
all the bad things in the world /	0
everyone making it	1
perform	1
the most unpleasant things	0
keenly observed and	1
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
recycled	0
happy !	1
with raw emotions	1
a pianist , but a good human being	1
considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	1
make the film more silly than scary	0
about how lame	0
too campy to work as straight drama and	0
, funny and poignant	1
little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors	1
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	1
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten	1
to crush depth	0
of the elements that will grab you	1
strikes hardest	1
to avoid	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
the intoxicating fumes	1
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
when you 're a jet	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	0
pushiness and decibel	0
hatred	0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	0
a deft pace master	1
ghetto	0
sorvino	1
nauseating	0
never reach satisfying conclusions	0
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
with two fine , nuanced lead performances	1
it goes further than both	1
is always sympathetic	1
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky ,	0
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	1
too placid	0
miserable and smug	0
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
catches you	1
turned this	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	1
suspenseful spin	1
than i 'd expected it to be	1
rambling examination	0
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
consistent emotional conviction	1
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film	0
incredibly inane	0
it ultimately delivers	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely	0
an intoxicating experience .	1
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work	1
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	0
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	0
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
show-stoppingly hilarious ,	1
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	1
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	0
downright silly	0
the simple fact	1
embraces life	1
its intended audience has n't yet had much science	0
quite tasteful to look at	1
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
odd enjoyably chewy lump	1
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
refresh our souls	1
for the character at all stages of her life	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but	1
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	1
enthralling aesthetic experience	1
acted offbeat thriller	1
tsai 's usual style and themes	1
british comedy	1
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .	1
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	1
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
the writing is indifferent ,	0
the whole dead-undead genre	0
is instructive	1
a subzero version	0
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
its initial excitement	1
quality	1
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
of continuity errors	0
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry	1
humane and important	1
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
exceeding expectations	1
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work	1
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
an interesting controversy	1
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and	1
one decent performance from the cast and	1
it does in trouble every day	1
low-tech magic realism	0
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
in the series	1
aimless , arduous	0
misogyny and unprovoked	0
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
unpretentious	1
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	0
keeps the energy humming	1
gentle jesus	1
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life	1
larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller	1
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed	1
an extraordinary	1
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan	0
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	0
, meditative	1
sheer beauty	1
that it 's hard not to be carried away	1
ick	0
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary	1
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
in conveying its social message	1
have their funny bones tickled	1
touching ,	1
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	0
a company of strictly a-list players	1
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
neatly constructed thriller .	1
going where no man has gone before	1
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence	0
an irresistible blend	1
hope	1
completely predictable plot	0
it is repetitious	0
` time waster '	0
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself	1
the basic flaws	0
alienating	0
incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
is still worth hearing	1
real natural , even-flowing tone	1
amusing , but ultimately so	1
takes you by the face ,	1
fresh	1
its own cuteness	1
as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
desperation and cinematic deception	0
a masterfully made one	1
conventional but heartwarming tale	1
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .	0
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
adobo	1
the charms	1
scarily funny	1
great party	1
's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
it succeeds .	1
a well-crafted film	1
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
loved the people onscreen ,	1
of the very best movies	1
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone	1
it 's as good as you remember .	1
works against itself	0
full-bodied characterizations	1
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	1
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise ,	1
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
daytime	1
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale	1
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
the most compelling performance	1
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	0
, racist humor	0
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	1
cleverness , wit or	1
must have failed	0
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ,	1
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	1
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence	1
promises	1
succeeds	1
loosely connected characters	0
it just is n't a very involving one	0
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .	1
also looking cheap	0
cheesy dialogue	0
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	0
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
get at something	1
like any of these despicable characters	0
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	1
looking for astute observations and coming up blank	0
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
bright	1
self-indulgent and maddening	0
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script	0
see because the theater	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike	0
an overly familiar scenario	0
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone	1
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
fit the incredible storyline to a t.	1
magical	1
time out is as serious as a pink slip .	0
it 's about family	1
codswallop	0
making moving pictures today	1
repetitive and	0
a zany mix	1
a heroine	1
the gorgeous locales	1
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey	1
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
flat acting	0
a fine effort	1
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	0
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline	0
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings	1
insult the intelligence of everyone	0
face frightening late fees	0
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	1
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes	1
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and	1
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids	1
particularly original	1
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure	0
a nice change of mindless pace in collision	1
appeals to me	1
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .	0
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	1
hate	0
it 's like a drive-by .	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
to refresh our souls	1
the film for anyone	1
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast	0
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
... overly melodramatic ...	0
, ' i feel better already .	1
curious about each other against all odds	1
is pretty weary	0
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	0
authentically	1
successful one	1
pervasive	1
, twisty yarn	1
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice	1
is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand	1
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
with enough energy and excitement	1
the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us	0
to the floor with a sickening thud	0
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal	1
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
is a must for genre fans .	1
disconcertingly	0
, parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	1
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
it 's a sad , sick sight	0
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse	0
solidly	1
its essential problem	0
action-packed chiller	1
begins as a seven rip-off ,	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair	1
done-to-death	0
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	0
has a flair for dialogue comedy	1
its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
sucked	0
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company	0
successfully blended satire	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny	1
, pretentious mess .	0
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	0
beautifully produced film	1
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message	1
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	0
`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
mind-destroying cinematic pollution	0
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	0
's hardly watchable	0
to see it twice	1
moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
touching	1
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
irreverent energy	1
is a pretty good job ,	1
the sheer dumbness	0
better elsewhere	0
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
's incredible the number of stories	1
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	0
terminally brain dead production	0
eloquent , deeply felt meditation	1
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' ,	0
never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
badly cobbled look	0
confuses its message	0
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat	0
they engage and even touch us	1
riveted to our seats	1
short-story quaint	1
france 's most inventive directors	1
terrific insider	1
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
elegantly	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script	0
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy	0
feeling this movie	1
draws its considerable power	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged	1
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	0
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	0
entertainment	1
the movie does not do them justice	0
clearly well-intentioned	1
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange	1
powerful look	1
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
this movie 's got it	1
it falls short	0
just slopped ` em together here	0
boring despite the scenery	0
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	0
is one reason it 's so lackluster .	0
skillfully assembled , highly polished and	1
without neglecting character development for even one minute	1
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
the grandkids or the grandparents	1
of sly humor	1
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
surprisingly flat	0
hooks us completely	1
has about 25 minutes of decent material	0
the theme with added depth and resonance	1
in its bold presentation	1
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
with grace and humor and	1
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card	0
nice evening out	1
cheap-looking version of candid camera	0
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all	1
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	1
harmless	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and	1
not the great american comedy	0
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly	0
turn on many people	1
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
struggle tragically	0
joyful solo performance	1
stirring ,	1
that made the first film so special	1
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached	1
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
watch these two together	1
offering fine acting moments and pungent	1
sweet , charming	1
his maudlin ending	0
superficiality and silliness	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing	1
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows	1
beautifully crafted	1
many inimitable scenes	1
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	1
the sheer beauty of his images	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ,	0
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	0
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism	1
gets full mileage	1
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest	0
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
a quirky comedy	1
whose sharp intellect	1
finest kind	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and	1
she has n't been worth caring about	0
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise	0
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and	1
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito	0
whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise	1
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated ,	0
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
, thoroughly involving	1
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and	1
make a clear point	1
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	0
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness	0
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably	1
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera	0
its soul	1
looking and stylish	1
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer	1
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )	0
is worth seeking .	1
barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	0
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	0
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	0
this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly	0
a fairy tale	1
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	1
overlong	0
a thrill	1
laughable	0
, the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
fast and funny	1
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
while cleverly worked out	1
probably one of the best since the last waltz	1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter	0
argentine retread	0
one arresting image	1
thriller `` new best friend ''	1
's never dull and	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	0
the qualities that made the first film so special	1
the quirky	1
as clear and reliable an authority on that	1
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy	1
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	0
a technically superb film ,	1
an obvious rapport with her actors	1
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
a phlegmatic bore	0
, claustrophobic	0
surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players	1
, hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
of work and 2002 's first great film	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week	0
avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	0
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
leers ,	0
soulful	1
pushed to their most virtuous limits ,	1
a few ear-pleasing songs	1
an a-list director	1
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	0
the edge	1
more ways	1
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver	1
farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher	1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces	1
's pretty stupid .	0
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	1
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
a stylish psychological thriller	1
grownups	1
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza	0
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all	1
pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
darling	1
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy	0
has value can not be denied	1
too ludicrous and borderline insulting	0
outside the under-10 set	0
a rather thin moral	0
so compelling	1
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see	1
is prime escapist fare .	1
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis	1
never rises above superficiality .	0
left on a remote shelf indefinitely	0
the acting is just fine , but	1
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
the actors are simply too good ,	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed	1
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
beautiful , aching sadness	1
are worth the price of admission ...	1
has had some success with documentaries	1
the toilet and scores a direct hit	0
appealing	1
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies	0
true emotions	1
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
eastwood is off his game	0
eloquent memorial	1
absurd lengths	0
pathetically	0
without any of its sense of fun or energy	0
terrible adaptation	0
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous	0
farts , urine	0
as shameful	0
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
first-rate , especially sorvino	1
falls	0
the tooth and claw of human power	1
may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations	1
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde	0
fascinating portrait	1
be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
, the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness	0
been there done that .	0
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
an emotionally satisfying exploration	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and	1
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
squirming	0
and small delights	1
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
obvious or self-indulgent	0
a warm and well-told tale	1
even worse	0
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	0
works more often than it does n't .	1
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name	0
not to mention a convincing brogue	1
touching love story	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
wo n't see the next six	0
a thrill ride	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .	0
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	1
favor	1
glitz	1
has its merits	1
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
of knucklehead swill	0
is n't exactly profound cinema	0
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	1
playfully profound ...	1
so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss	1
the worst of the entire franchise	0
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions	1
energetic and always surprising performance	1
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english	1
a knockout	1
poignant if familiar story of a young person	1
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	0
the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
in bad filmmaking	0
a comedic moment	1
sweeping , dramatic ,	1
unambitious	0
the best film	1
enveloping sounds	1
bold colors	1
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
is rich in emotional texture	1
woefully hackneyed movie	0
least favorite	0
a classic	1
of the best special effects	1
the smarter offerings	1
a touching love story	1
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	0
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting	1
an exceptionally good idea	1
this much imagination and nerve	1
mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor ,	1
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music	0
greasy little vidgame pit	0
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities	0
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
a vile , incoherent mess	0
gives poor dana carvey nothing	0
terrible , banal dialogue	0
disbelief	0
bombs	0
the lovers	1
scope and	1
such a horrible movie	0
beautiful	1
who cares ? ) .	0
long and eventful spiritual journey	1
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
it is quite a vision .	1
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies	1
while he talks	1
the outer limits of raunch	0
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	0
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature	0
strength and sense	1
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ,	0
right choice	1
inventive action sequences	1
marvelously twisted shapes history	1
a curious sick poetry ,	0
a talk that appeals to me	1
turn on many people to opera , in general	1
good-natured	1
molested	0
for the quirky	1
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera	1
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and	0
cool stuff	1
crass , low-wattage	0
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed	1
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look	1
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny	1
derivativeness	0
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos ,	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat	0
beg the question ` why	0
daring as john ritter 's glory days	1
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	1
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
is as adult as you can get	1
more like a travel-agency video	0
convincing one	1
captures the debilitating grief	1
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	1
almost wildly alive	1
, it 's quite fun in places .	1
a harrison ford low	0
service of of others	1
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	1
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -	0
empty exercise	0
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture	1
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial	1
important political documentary	1
saves it ... and makes it	1
from japan	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty	0
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece	1
an exhilarating experience .	1
spiked with raw urban humor	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design	1
a feeble tootsie knockoff .	0
have made for better drama	0
takes hold .	1
need of some trims and	0
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music	1
misanthropic	0
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	1
dragons !	1
encouraging effort	1
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast	1
the performances are amiable and committed ,	1
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
superficially written characters ramble	0
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	0
sparse but oddly compelling .	1
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it	0
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	1
could hate it for the same reason	0
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
you 're an elvis person	1
65-minute trifle	0
is to frighten and disturb	0
is more than a movie	1
humor and bite	1
does little that is actually funny with the material	0
petty thievery	0
as hilarious lunacy	1
very depressing	0
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	0
loves a david and goliath story	1
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
hollywood-predictable	0
cram earplugs	0
warm and fuzzy	1
dumb drug jokes	0
a calculating fiend	0
writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
that 's still too burdened by the actor	0
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip	0
are reflected in almost every scene .	1
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )	0
fail	0
nearly impossible to care about	0
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding	0
that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony	0
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ,	0
to the film 's considerable charm	1
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it	0
what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
talk to her is so darned assured	1
jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
trusts the story it sets out to tell	1
that it ca n't help but engage an audience	1
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends	1
delving	1
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
an integrity	1
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	0
is not handled well	0
the soulful development	1
does the field no favors	0
his prime	1
higher level	1
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
unfocused screenplay	0
of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
so that the human story is pushed to one side	0
a look	1
is loopy and ludicrous ...	0
carry the film with their charisma	1
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time	1
just a waste	0
sappy dialogue	0
triumph	1
delicious and	1
tensions	0
unrealistic	0
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	0
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions	1
the movie is amateurish ,	0
storytelling ability	1
brutally labored and unfunny	0
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
an american tragedy	0
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	0
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
much to recommend the film	1
often-funny	1
humankind 's liberating ability	1
brave and challenging	1
this girl deserves a sequel	1
some intriguing characters	1
symbolic	1
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock	0
a step in the right direction	1
the usual whoopee-cushion effort	0
as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix	0
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy	1
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution	0
realistic , non-exploitive approach	1
ugly , revolting movie	0
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul	1
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
the most original in years	1
hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking	1
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	1
an undeniably moving film to experience ,	1
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
of the rotting underbelly of middle america	0
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him	1
been told and retold	0
( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
fetishistic violence	0
notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress	1
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
very well-written	1
psychological and philosophical	1
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
knows , and very likely	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character --	0
normally could n't care less	0
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .	0
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy	0
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense	0
see it twice	1
afterlife	1
will have an intermittently good time .	1
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	1
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep	0
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others	1
bewilderingly brilliant	1
a single good film	1
the secret 's eventual discovery	1
could be so flabby	0
loose	0
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
make it sting	0
which somehow snagged an oscar nomination	0
about as inspiring	0
contrived plot points	0
seem genuine rather than pandering	1
executed it takes your breath away	1
considerable punch	1
about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	0
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
easy to love robin tunney	1
distanced us from the characters .	0
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league	0
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
a rejected x-files episode	0
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
movie directionless	0
as visually bland	0
listen to extremist name-calling ,	0
state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
you feel good , you feel sad ,	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and	0
new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	0
comedic writing	1
a beyond-lame satire ,	0
vibrant , and intelligent	1
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity	1
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity	1
attracting	1
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
christmas spirit	1
a refreshing change	1
just does n't have big screen magic	0
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .	1
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride	1
mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	0
sneaks up on you and	1
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	0
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age	0
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	0
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting	1
every top-notch british actor	1
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
is a heartfelt story	1
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	1
ugh	0
captivates	1
in enough clever and unexpected	1
better still	1
to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
your kids	1
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not	0
timeless and unique perspective	1
a warmth that is n't faked	1
a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
are included	1
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	0
, time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work	1
be a total washout	0
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience	1
a hilarious ode	1
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas	1
aggravating	0
wimps	0
cultural differences	1
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes	0
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing	0
undeterminable	0
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	1
is a horrible movie	0
cranky	0
does n't deliver a great story ,	0
captivating	1
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	1
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
problematic characters	0
exceedingly	1
fascinating little thriller	1
enthusiastic charm	1
strong finish	1
dramatic punch	1
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
a fine cast	1
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
the best film of the year 2002	1
nostalgic , twisty yarn	1
is a lame kiddie flick	0
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	0
purposefully	1
pure composition and	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is	1
friends	1
thrill you , touch you and	1
is a work of outstanding originality	1
is needed to live a rich and full life	1
has little to do with the story ,	0
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain	1
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	1
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth	1
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
at its best , which occurs often	1
deeply appealing	1
good intentions	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy	1
captivatingly quirky hybrid	1
the cast is spot on and	1
an enthusiastic charm in fire	1
last walked out on a movie	0
growing , moldering pile	0
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history	1
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it	0
it worth watching	1
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow	1
waters it down	0
tried hard	1
trite	0
your pulse ever racing	1
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
seems to really care	1
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality	0
nelson 's intentions are good , but	1
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
a philosophical visual coming right	1
, nasty journey	0
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	1
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,	0
kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go	0
long and eventful	1
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .	0
not enough of interest onscreen	0
as it is instructive	1
fast , funny , and even touching story	1
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
a few are sexy	1
seems a prostituted muse ...	0
's not nearly enough that 's right	0
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	0
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
an earnest moment	1
originality of plot	1
aggrieved father cliché	0
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy	1
delightful mix	1
through crap like this	0
that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
a bad clive barker movie	0
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	0
caton-jones	1
sugar-coated rocky	0
a persuasive	1
so compellingly	1
that was hard for me to warm up to	0
wind up as glum as mr. de niro	0
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
infuriating	0
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek	0
in the long-winded heist comedy	0
emotional force	1
great cinema can really do	1
breaks no new ground	0
been done before but never so vividly	1
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
appealing enough	1
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	0
hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans )	1
live happily	1
dullest irish pub scenes	0
biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	1
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it	1
it gets very ugly , very fast	0
noisy and	0
collateral	1
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels	1
spare dialogue and	1
mesmerizing cinematic poem	1
is also beautifully acted	1
all the stronger because of it	1
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture	1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and	1
good action ,	1
oh , james !	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and	0
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them	0
you really want to understand what this story is really all about	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	1
and it is .	1
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film	1
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent	1
artificial and soulless	0
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
overlong and not well-acted	0
food-for-thought cinema	1
smart , sassy	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .	1
and often contradictory	0
`` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	0
earnest movie	1
long and relentlessly saccharine film	0
freewheeling trash-cinema roots	0
the occasional bursts	1
quietly inspirational	1
engaging film	1
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
promising debut	1
the best date movie of the year	1
a dull girl , that 's all	0
gives his best screen performance	1
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	0
a convolution	0
'll end up moved	1
is as thought-provoking as it	1
were more repulsive	0
more successful	1
nervy and memorable	1
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ,	0
most delightful moments	1
memorable and resourceful	1
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
ethnic	1
no-holds-barred cinematic	1
great shame	0
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
a convincing one	1
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece	1
more contemptuous of the single female population	0
win you over ,	1
, fat , dumb	0
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise	1
efficient	1
subtle and richly	1
offers no easy , comfortable resolution	0
more revealing , more emotional	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game	1
are n't many conclusive answers in the film	0
discreet filmmakers	1
disappointing	0
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades	1
is really , really stupid	0
it 's leaden and predictable , and	0
symbiotic	1
swimfan does catch on	1
die	0
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	0
lacks it	0
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks	0
entertaining british hybrid	1
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay	1
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material	1
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
is genuinely inspirational	1
have been called ` under siege 3	0
, it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
visually ugly	0
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
moulin rouge	1
the most wondrous love story in years	1
enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and	0
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating	1
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack ,	1
a tendency to slip into hokum	0
of cinematic perfection	1
leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
-- sadly -- dull	0
awakening and	1
enough is just the ticket you need .	1
ignore but a little too smugly superior	0
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	1
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor	0
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	0
of awakening and ripening	1
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	1
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours	1
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film	1
to the gallic ` tradition of quality	1
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
his sentimental journey of the heart	1
mainstream hollywood	1
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
overacted	0
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited	0
and , through it all , human	1
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film	0
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned	0
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states	0
buried , drowned	0
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
fast and	1
settles into clichés	0
precise	1
exhilarating , funny and fun	1
nothing to show	0
expertly	1
tasty morsels	1
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	1
comic relief	1
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
a triumph of imagination	1
maryam is more timely now than ever .	1
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	1
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .	0
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all	1
technically sophisticated in the worst way	0
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews	1
respectable summer blockbuster	1
embarrassingly	0
pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
into feel-good territory	1
, incoherent , instantly disposable	0
undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
a minor miracle of self-expression	1
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting	1
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
, every shot enhances the excellent performances	1
been a confusing and horrifying vision	0
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie	0
harsh objectivity and refusal	0
of hell	0
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers	0
thought-provoking and often-funny drama	1
comedy	1
is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was	1
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
a sweet treasure and something well worth	1
an autopsy , the movie	0
manage to be spectacularly outrageous	1
like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
sensitive ensemble performances	1
is an all-time low for kevin costner	0
queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
aesthetic experience	1
pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	0
full circle	1
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing	0
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
, `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
overflows with wisdom and emotion	1
surprising winner	1
infectiously enthusiastic	1
dazzling entertainment	1
a film living far too much in its own head	0
is ) a fascinating character , and	1
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes	0
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
`` spider-man '' certainly	1
that it is laughingly enjoyable	1
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way	0
is wrong in its sequel .	0
too clear	0
most savagely hilarious	1
's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority	1
the one-sided theme	0
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama	1
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
a reasonably good time with the salton sea	1
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
the shameless self-caricature	0
give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	0
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	0
'' exceeds expectations .	1
a modest masterpiece .	1
bombshell documentary	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography	1
elegant visual sense	1
extra little something	1
a bad way	0
delicious crime drama	1
laugh-a-minute	1
contradictory things	0
as in the songs translate well to film	1
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	0
moving and revelatory	1
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
formulaic ,	0
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	1
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price	0
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .	1
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	1
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
another clever if pointless excursion	0
, hilarious	1
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
funny without hitting below the belt	1
morgen and nanette burstein	1
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	0
the promise of digital filmmaking	1
romantic	1
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
never inspires more than an interested detachment .	0
unfulfilled	0
i could just skip it	0
slick production values and	1
the film buzz and whir ;	1
is worth your time	1
no. 1	1
here a more annoying , though less angry	0
wit and warmth	1
low-brow humor ,	0
determination and the human spirit	1
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
a warm , fuzzy feeling	1
a very depressing movie	0
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
, it should pay reparations to viewers .	0
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
wonderful but sometimes confusing	1
a glass of flat champagne	0
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
a definitive account	1
give performances of exceptional honesty	1
perfectly pleasant if	1
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off	0
as grant 's two best films	1
very lively dream	1
, does not work .	0
a truly , truly bad movie	0
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	1
ravishing , baroque beauty	1
can report that it is instead a cheap cliché	0
even dies .	0
futuristic sets	1
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock	1
damn funny	1
merely crassly flamboyant	0
robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	1
muddled and derivative	0
the modern day	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious	1
real magic , perhaps	1
the visual wit	1
to endure instead of enjoy	0
of a good time for both children and parents	1
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle	0
is a wonderful thing	1
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	0
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage	1
is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	1
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ,	0
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera	1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it	0
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
'm all for that	1
no laughs .	0
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .	1
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
a likable story , told with competence	1
occasional charms	1
is vivacious	1
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work	1
the evocative imagery and	1
misogyny	0
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
make it worth watching	1
lousy john q	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
a kind	1
naiveté and sophistication	1
dudsville	0
is japanese and yet feels universal	1
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	0
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
it has some problems	0
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
the imagination	1
better characters	1
turns that	1
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history	1
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever	0
of 2-day old coke	0
thoroughly awful .	0
preserving a sense of mystery	1
to confront their problems openly	1
forgive its mean-spirited second half	0
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line	0
a lousy one	0
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	0
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .	1
a superlative b movie	1
grating	0
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
most romantic comedies	1
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
, it feels more forced than usual .	0
down-to-earth	1
upsetting and thought-provoking	1
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed	0
waster '	0
could have been crisper and punchier , but	0
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	0
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot	0
the whole enterprise	1
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .	0
within a wallflower	1
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
be in video stores by christmas	0
exaggerated and broad	0
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	0
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film	0
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution	0
inherently funny	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general	1
ideal outlet	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,	1
in a sick , twisted sort of way	0
tired , unnecessary	0
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
electric	1
brilliantly written	1
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama	1
a great one	1
achingly human	1
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs	0
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen	1
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	1
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
real magic ,	1
it 's plotless , shapeless --	0
heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results	1
feels impersonal , almost generic	0
a good chance of being the big	1
hollywood too long has ignored	0
another routine hollywood frightfest	0
muddled	0
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family	1
a loquacious and dreary piece	0
this is just lazy writing .	0
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
maybe twice )	1
corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them	1
( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	0
a great director	1
display an original talent	1
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
cruelty and suffering	0
is one big , dumb action movie	0
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
of fascinating performances	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	0
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of	0
great to begin with	1
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital	0
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	0
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues	1
expresses our most basic emotions	1
weaves us into a complex web	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	0
a dependable concept	1
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
it 's very much like life itself .	1
good one	1
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
bigger	1
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be	0
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	1
the interior lives of the characters in his film	1
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music	1
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting	1
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather	1
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity	1
heart attack	0
lovely flakiness	1
the paper-thin characterizations	0
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
a classy , sprightly spin	1
flash but little emotional resonance	0
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner --	1
look sophisticated	1
sick	0
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	1
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	0
the theater in the first 10 minutes	1
may pick up new admirers	1
country	1
language and locations	1
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity	0
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and	1
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience	0
disjointed ,	0
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets	1
drawing flavorful performances	1
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	1
drag it down to mediocrity	0
wrong on both counts	0
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people	1
tenderly observant of his characters	1
is as delightful as it is derivative	1
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary	0
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone	1
gimmick	0
quirky at moments	1
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
better entertainment	1
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	0
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
pure composition and form	1
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him	1
red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
five hours long	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	1
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	0
memorable directorial debut	1
scherfig 's light-hearted profile	1
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	0
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
dead production	0
stellar	1
was reading the minds of the audience .	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film	1
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	1
is n't a bad film	1
knows its classical music ,	1
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	0
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth	0
to the most enchanting film of the year	1
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
intensely lived	1
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	0
passe	0
, she is merely a charmless witch .	0
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
though the story ... is hackneyed	0
haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
this tired retread	0
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
overbearing and over-the-top	0
a 60-second homage	1
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
in formula crash-and-bash action	0
funny humor	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing	1
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
in a movie full of surprises	1
a radiant character portrait	1
is still charming here .	1
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion	1
walk to remember a niche hit	1
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
no real surprises	0
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	1
fragmentary narrative style	0
great acting	1
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us	1
put in service	1
so clumsily sentimental	0
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart	1
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life	1
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
( an ) absorbing documentary .	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' --	0
told with humor and poignancy	1
the film that surprises or delights	1
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire	1
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	1
of honest working folk	1
, you feel alive - which is what they did	1
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
would be a total washout	0
all in all , a great party .	1
team	1
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	1
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	1
life affirming '	1
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
out mediocre	0
the best movie	1
skillful filmmaker	1
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people	0
rising	1
few sleepless hours	0
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	1
sensitive story	1
our moviemakers	1
it does elect to head off in its own direction	1
the ultimate movie experience	1
with honest performances and exceptional detail	1
be disappointed	0
has one strike against it	0
the artwork is spectacular and	1
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ,	1
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	0
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	1
pleasant , diverting and modest	1
hollywood concoction	0
smoother	1
clean-cut	1
narcissism	0
managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
is a likable story , told with competence	1
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , ''	0
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme	0
terrible story	0
most audacious , outrageous	1
is clever and insightful	1
great rewards	1
lovely , eerie film	1
are worthwhile	1
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable	1
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just	1
journalistic or historical	1
but fun	1
the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series	0
have to see this !	1
unimaginable horror	0
too-frosty exterior	0
the film special	1
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and	0
between these two marginal characters	0
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	0
scathingly witty	1
is too optimistic a title .	0
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling	0
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner	0
wewannour money back	0
badly edited	0
is ) a fascinating character	1
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	1
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	1
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
lax and	0
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .	0
knucklehead	0
thirst	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	0
oscar-winning	1
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years	1
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie	0
that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination	1
cherish	1
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
snared in its own tangled plot	0
time , death	0
, talented , charismatic and tragically	1
a remarkable film	1
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	0
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world	1
sublimely lofty	1
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .	0
loose , poorly structured	0
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	0
indie comedy	1
i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy	0
brings the proper conviction	1
how very bad a motion picture can truly be	0
laugther	1
is deadly	0
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	1
murderer	0
unambitious writing	0
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen	1
's really wrong with this ricture !	0
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	1
exciting documentary	1
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
dismiss --	0
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	0
action man cliché	0
a clever pseudo-bio	1
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
is dreary and sluggish	0
pointless mayhem	0
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least	1
to triumph over a scrooge or two	1
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill	0
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement	1
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .	1
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film	1
is genial and decent	1
more unmentionable subjects	0
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	0
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series ,	0
timeless spectacle	1
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
taken it a step further , richer and deeper	1
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
artsy fantasy sequences --	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get :	1
sharply comic and surprisingly touching	1
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
real americans	1
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	1
superficiality and	0
encourage	1
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film	0
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
this masterful	1
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
the funny bone	1
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid	0
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory	1
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years	1
cold , gray , antiseptic and	0
flat , misguided comedy .	0
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit	0
it 's all surface psychodramatics .	0
often-funny comedy	1
teacher	1
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
done and perfectly	1
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	0
the charm of satin rouge	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme	1
it 's true	1
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness	1
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness	0
stomach-knotting suspense	1
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or	1
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience	0
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness	0
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style	1
fizzability	0
dullingly	0
viva le	1
so-called satire	0
, duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
most touching movie of recent years	1
inane , humorless and under-inspired	0
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster	1
is still charming here	1
pessimism	0
it were any more of a turkey	0
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	0
dull moment	0
obnoxious adults	0
savor	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	0
a huge box-office hit in korea	1
the sense of fierce competition	1
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before	0
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise	0
wildly alive	1
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
moving and	1
as subtle and as enigmatic	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash ,	0
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit	0
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	0
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs	1
really solid performances	1
flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	0
it points out how inseparable the two are	1
a powerful emotional wallop	1
inside the mess that is world traveler	0
a core	1
huge box-office	1
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama	1
thrills ,	1
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be	0
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
intelligent and deeply	1
an intricate plot	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	0
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	1
the more hackneyed elements of the film	0
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill	1
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	1
tiny acts of kindness	1
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	1
insanely violent	0
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic	1
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
emphatic	1
, however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message	1
a provocative piece	1
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame	1
the solid filmmaking and	1
honest observations	1
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
is a director to watch	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy	1
to overcome my resistance	1
amicable	1
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled	0
impressive in imax dimensions	1
heartfelt romance	1
used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again	0
make a clear point --	1
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ,	0
very insecure	0
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic	0
fall dreadfully short	0
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
is a fascinating little tale	1
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
mired in stasis	0
's much to recommend the film .	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,	0
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book	0
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
found a cult favorite	1
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
, in an irresistible junior-high way ,	1
saving grace	1
clumsy dialogue ,	0
quite good	1
graphic violence	0
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	0
a step down	0
of a certain ambition	1
a pleasant and engaging enough	1
both the beauty	1
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol	0
more entertaining ,	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	1
appealing about the characters	1
, slow scenes	0
character piece	1
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	0
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence	1
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece	0
our best actors	1
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	1
feels contrived	0
, revolting	0
she 's pretty	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring	1
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
present an unflinching look	1
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	1
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	1
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time	1
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love	1
do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
a cast of a-list brit actors	1
equally impressive	1
cheapo	0
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness	1
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways	0
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale	0
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	0
, cliche-ridden	0
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much	0
about it will stay with you	1
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	0
sly , intricate magic	1
this overlong infomercial	0
should drop everything and run to ichi	1
good-hearted ensemble comedy	1
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects	1
the cartoon	1
are all more than competent	1
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades	1
audacity and openness	1
reliable	1
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock	0
lame	0
pretty good	1
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,	0
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	1
bungle their way	0
that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work	0
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	1
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured	0
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that	1
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way	1
invincible	1
the film is strictly routine .	0
hopkins	1
an argentine retread	0
birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
congrats disney on a job well done	1
its perfect quiet pace	1
tremendous piece	1
of these tragic deaths	0
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
an actress	1
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that	1
approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency	1
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting	1
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	0
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller	1
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	1
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...	0
is bright and flashy in all the right ways	1
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	1
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster	0
-- and disposable story --	0
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	1
horribly	0
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances	0
should definitely get top billing	1
poetry and passion	1
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .	1
of the most splendid	1
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans	1
sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends	1
scenic shots	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart	1
falling into the hollywood trap	0
, it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
were hailed as the works of an artist .	1
a transparently hypocritical work	0
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	0
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
a sly female empowerment movie ,	1
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development	0
accurate	1
has enough moments to keep it entertaining	1
that holds up well after two decades	1
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades	1
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
stale retread of the '53 original	0
a luis buñuel film	1
juice and delight	1
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	1
frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
sweet , funny , charming	1
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	0
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and	1
highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style	1
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
to a t.	1
a shabby script	0
collateral damage is trash ,	0
stooping to gooeyness	0
final act	1
fabuleux	1
a must-own	1
lacks aspirations of social upheaval	0
director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire	0
the very best	1
strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
of the best , most	1
pros	1
wretched	0
any movie with a life-affirming message	1
, intelligent , and humanly funny film .	1
of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
, creativity , and fearlessness	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece	1
celebrated	1
honesty	1
is way too indulgent .	0
, all-enveloping movie experience	1
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
bristles with passion and energy	1
, uneven action comedy	0
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
this fast-paced	1
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
that is often quite rich and exciting	1
most moronic screenplays	0
complex	1
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional	0
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating	0
a passing twinkle	1
however canned --	0
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	0
gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny	0
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature	0
an awful snooze .	0
with material this rich it does n't need it	1
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
fears	0
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
rae	1
loathsome	0
be the end of the world	1
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes	1
like the best 60 minutes	1
the gentle comic treatment	1
the sleekness of the film 's present	1
a backstage must-see for true fans	1
about discovering your destination in life	1
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002	0
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
a ray of hope	1
trailer-trash style .	0
is a riveting , brisk delight	1
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor	1
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
are certainly welcome	1
solid acting and	1
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
hurts	0
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
with splendid singing	1
a sham	0
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
with no obvious escape	0
far more interesting than the story at hand	1
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	1
out there !	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
is it hokey	0
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	0
the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
love , memory , history	1
the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein	0
anemic , pretentious .	0
value can not be denied	1
efficient	1
might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block	0
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix	0
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	1
might not seem like the proper cup of tea	0
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed	0
a markedly inactive film ,	0
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
did not figure out a coherent game	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama	0
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
fascinating part	1
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other	0
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
the weight of too many story lines	0
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
satire and unabashed sweetness	1
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
stirring , funny	1
from the incongruous but chemically	0
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
richly resonant work	1
there 's much to recommend the film .	1
dredge	0
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
sexy and romantic	1
too predictably , in fact .	0
generally insulting	0
could have been crisper and punchier	0
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
forgettable	0
offbeat humor , amusing characters	1
jump cuts , fast editing	0
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
the best thing i can say about this film	1
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama	1
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it	1
who cares ?	0
a pretty woman	1
sharp comedy	1
to little more than punishment	0
a simple `` goddammit	0
a smart little indie .	1
brow	1
pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences	1
a shiver-inducing	1
a generational signpost	1
enjoyed barbershop	1
the frequent allusions	1
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
as obvious as telling a country skunk	0
ridiculous and money-oriented	0
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery	1
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings	1
down-and-dirty	0
slimed in the name of high art	0
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying	0
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population	0
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose	0
exuberance and passion	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating	1
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue	1
a captivating coming-of-age story	1
's fairly lame ,	0
with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
generic scripts	0
represents two of those well spent	1
graceless , hackneyed	0
uneven dialogue and plot lapses	0
the movie is better than you might think .	1
enamored	1
a pointless , meandering celebration	0
an unsuccessful attempt	0
right	1
goes further	1
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play	0
as naturally charming as it needs to be	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 --	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and	1
how bad an actress she is	0
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare	0
resist his pleas	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking	0
affection for its characters	1
a group of extremely talented musicians	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script	0
the national lampoon film franchise ,	1
like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	0
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	1
resurrection	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	1
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying	0
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	0
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style	1
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
meaningless , vapid and devoid	0
a meatier deeper beginning	1
any awards	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,	1
could force you to scratch a hole in your head	0
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	1
pure , exciting moviemaking	1
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .	0
of self-congratulation between actor and director	0
an uncomfortable experience	0
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	1
is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications	0
the multi-layers	1
choppy and	0
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons	0
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy	1
a story worth caring about	1
of the best gay love stories	1
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy	1
honest performances and exceptional detail	1
without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	0
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
needlessly	0
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
well-thought stunts or	1
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies	0
easy film	1
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	0
the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	0
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort	0
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	1
exasperating	0
psychological	1
all-over-the-map	0
looks	1
have the patience for it	0
digitally altered footage	0
inconsequential	0
like the wanderers and a bronx tale	1
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	1
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	0
as plain and pedestrian as	0
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance	1
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
amusing us	1
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
does n't add up .	0
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ,	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title ,	0
is both inspiring and pure joy .	1
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	1
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	1
fast , funny , and even touching	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels --	1
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
's fun , wispy	1
meandering and pointless	0
stock situations and characters	0
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane	0
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	0
deadly dull	0
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
callow pretension	0
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired	0
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
like a student film	0
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	1
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
is simply tired	0
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride	1
boxes these women 's souls right open for us	1
, i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .	0
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	1
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
their noble endeavor	1
other foul substances	0
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ...	0
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' ,	0
the remarkable ensemble cast	1
warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
unbearable	0
a deftly entertaining film	1
that makes as much of a mess as this one	0
ivan is a prince of a fellow	1
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	0
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation	1
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	0
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year	0
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
with conspicuous success	1
, kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	0
diverse and astonishingly articulate	1
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows	0
is more complex and honest	1
striking style	1
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess	0
, worse ,	0
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
rant	0
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so	0
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life	0
'll love this movie .	1
pathetic	0
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	1
is mostly a bore	0
genial and decent	1
at existing photos	1
beauty and	1
enlightenment	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but	1
am baffled by jason x.	0
slapstick	1
bad stage dialogue	0
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
the astute direction of cardoso	1
an artistry	1
capped with pointless extremes	0
this is a heartfelt story ...	1
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002	0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs	0
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
the most important and exhilarating forms	1
very tasteful rock	1
real visual charge	1
is the drama within the drama	1
flimsy	0
is a plodding mess .	0
is so self-pitying	0
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy	0
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	0
art house pretension .	0
honesty , insight and humor	1
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	0
suspense ,	1
prove more distressing	0
the butt of its own joke	0
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and	1
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game --	0
hughes comedy	1
laughs aplenty	1
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
is such that the movie does not do them justice	0
all bluster	0
showing off his doctorate	1
a slick , engrossing melodrama .	1
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script	1
down over 140 minutes	0
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things	1
rich in color and creativity	1
wearisome	0
sick and demented	0
third act miscalculation	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and	1
self-pitying	0
chaos	0
mortal awareness	1
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
the gutless direction	0
inventive directors	1
it is a great film .	1
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	0
dramatically forceful	1
mired in tear-drenched quicksand	0
is impressive	1
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
the best movies of the year	1
, he is always sympathetic .	1
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ,	1
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	0
this frozen tundra soap opera	0
commands attention	1
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
flawless film , ( wang )	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	0
historic scandal	0
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
sheds light	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
wears out its limited welcome	0
oscar-sweeping	1
made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	0
their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing	0
directed and convincingly acted	1
too much norma rae	0
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime	1
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity	1
the heart of the film	1
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay	0
of the human heart	1
michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal	1
the finest kind	1
dawns , comic relief	1
confidently	1
veers	0
nothing happens	0
, i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
comforting	1
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed	1
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride	1
the pacing is often way off	0
a movie star	1
obnoxious special effects	0
is that it does n't make any sense .	0
this story is really all about	1
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work	1
have an interest in the characters you see	1
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	0
makes you feel like a chump	0
quirky movie to be made from curling	1
rocks .	1
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution	1
squirming in their seats	1
depressing ,	0
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
raucous and sappy	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ,	0
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be	0
the film is not entirely successful	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
before i see this piece of crap again	0
the lack of linearity	0
it 's hard to stop watching	1
technically and artistically inept	0
character creations	1
really long , slow and dreary time	0
uninspired preachy and clichéd	0
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil	1
very ugly ,	0
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity	1
beautiful to watch and	1
strong piece	1
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware	1
surefire casting	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why	1
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	1
smartly and wistfully	1
the baseball-playing monkey	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high	1
nice album	1
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	0
third-rate	0
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people	0
to accomplish what few sequels can	1
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
has no snap	0
this movie is hopeless	0
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	0
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation	1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	0
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	0
bring something new	1
their feces	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely	0
most genuinely sweet films	1
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy	1
nuanced performance	1
confusing on one level or another	0
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie	0
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure	0
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,	1
full , irritating display	0
remarkably mature	1
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
's still quite worth seeing	1
the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology	1
with honesty , insight and humor	1
on and on to the point of nausea	0
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
thoroughly awful	0
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster '	0
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be	0
bogs down in insignificance	0
the same old story	0
riveted	1
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun	0
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution	0
big selling point	1
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	0
seems inconceivable	0
do what he does best	1
timely , tongue-in-cheek	1
a lovely , eerie film	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
, worse	0
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	1
an awful sour taste	0
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	0
the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness	1
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently	0
as good , if not	1
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but	1
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	1
worthless film	0
every cheesy scene	0
remarkably alluring	1
what a reckless squandering	0
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
rare depth	1
the most creative , energetic and original	1
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	1
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music	0
frustrating patchwork	0
served	1
, instantly disposable	0
shrewd but pointless	0
intriguing and downright intoxicating	1
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination	0
superlative	1
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
astonishingly pivotal role	1
it 's just merely very bad .	0
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	1
of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest	1
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
most edgy	1
the movie is a disaster .	0
emerging in world cinema	1
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	0
integrating the characters in the foreground	1
inspiring and pure	1
existential exploration	1
great fun ,	1
the best he 's been in years	1
be sensational	1
for a winning , heartwarming yarn	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but	1
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	0
are frequently too dark to be decipherable	0
geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
lukewarm and quick to pass	0
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration	1
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	0
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome	0
tiresome love triangles	0
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators	1
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan	0
it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
contrived	0
artificial and opaque	0
wildly overproduced	0
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	1
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
impressive images	1
monotone narration	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation --	1
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	1
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
regards reign of fire with awe	1
a sour taste	0
a very tasteful rock and	1
mildly engaging central romance	1
the energy humming	1
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .	1
skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
' rip-off	0
a real human soul	1
it gets the details of its time frame right	1
successful example	1
the movie has no idea of it is serious	0
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	0
every shot enhances the excellent performances	1
is about as interesting	0
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
high-profile name	1
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	0
adam sandler	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story	1
her best	1
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .	1
relentlessly downbeat	0
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
top-notch creative team	1
lying	0
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up	0
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
future-world	1
evans ' career	1
a surprising winner	1
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers	0
loves both dance and cinema	1
works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
's too much syrup and not enough fizz	0
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some	1
grinds itself out	0
shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
well-acted	1
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
touching , sophisticated film	1
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident	1
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one	1
since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
a terrific look	1
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	1
a great performance	1
a loss	0
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
does somehow manage to get you under its spell	1
a good match	1
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
lifts your spirits	1
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
than to show us a good time	1
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
somnambulant exercise	0
its excellent storytelling ,	1
humble , teach and	1
told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
of artifice and purpose	1
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	0
ruined by amateurish writing and acting	0
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
let-down	0
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie	1
touching , raucously amusing ,	1
us all	1
into a fascinating part of theater history	1
far less enjoyable	0
as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself	0
challenging or depressing	0
the cast is appealing	1
this deeply touching melodrama	1
the story together frustrating difficult	0
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high	1
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	1
that makes his films so memorable	1
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ,	0
deeply biased ,	0
is at once intimate and universal cinema	1
it still feels like a prison stretch .	0
cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
engaging manner and flamboyant style	1
is devoid of wit and humor	0
get lost in the murk of its own making	0
these lives count	1
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
easy to make such a worthless film	0
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,	0
running on empty	0
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family	0
the worst sense of the expression	0
innovative backgrounds	1
the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	1
undeniably worthy and devastating	1
feel like three hours	0
undeniably moving	1
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment	1
bother watching past the second commercial break	0
this piece of crap	0
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it	1
almost humdrum approach	0
found his groove these days	1
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	1
huge mess	0
interesting storyline	1
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	0
so boring	0
asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels	0
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior	0
a memorable experience	1
the best ensemble casts of the year	1
sophisticated	1
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
fun for all	1
things fall apart	0
memorable film	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot ,	0
is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
silly and	0
( a ) slummer .	0
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product	1
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be	1
in the murk of its own making	0
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy	1
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	1
slump	0
oversexed	0
nice piece of work	1
the charm of revolution os	1
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe	0
gentle , mesmerizing	1
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release	0
a thriller , and the performances	1
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse	1
hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter	0
, miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	1
as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation	0
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	0
that annoying specimen of humanity	0
over-blown drama	0
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
terrific look	1
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap	0
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	1
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness	1
in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
as bad a film	0
drumline is its energy	1
drains his movie of all individuality	0
clearly see the world of our making .	1
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension	0
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters	0
remains fairly light ,	1
a high-spirited buddy movie	1
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	0
a major movie	1
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
laugh once ( maybe twice )	1
drag two-thirds through	0
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
the ticket you need	1
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	0
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	0
slickly staged	1
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
, i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	1
straining to produce another smash	0
genuine and	1
flawless amounts	1
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	1
is clumsy	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and	0
deadpan cool , wry humor and	1
far more often than the warfare itself --	1
suffocate	0
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
some success with documentaries	1
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
this gets us in trouble	0
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
embarrassment and	0
disappointment	0
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
grating	0
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
that are damned in queen of the damned	0
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	0
humanly funny film	1
acclaimed	1
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
well-defined	1
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
a solid base	1
limp biscuit	0
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing	0
an engaging and moving portrait	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please	0
unusually surreal tone	1
it entertaining	1
with no unified whole	0
suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
too many films	0
the movie 's most admirable quality	1
the movie knew what to do with him	1
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
may find it uninteresting	0
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and	1
fascinating character 's	1
candid , archly funny	1
simple and soapy	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic	1
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
a powerful and telling story	1
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete	1
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived	1
by laurice guillen	1
hide a weak script	0
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
made you love it	1
with lots of laughs	1
achieves its main strategic objective	1
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction	1
become dullingly repetitive	0
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid	1
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing	0
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
of grief and loss	0
real humor	1
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme	0
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	0
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .	0
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and	1
an `` ambitious failure	0
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	0
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	0
bump in the night and nobody cares	0
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience	0
refreshingly smart and newfangled	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
are very expressive	1
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie	0
a country skunk	0
snoozer	0
brings them to life	1
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story	1
sweet and believable	1
is a trove of delights .	1
be as naturally charming as it needs to be	1
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	0
, martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series	0
average formulaic romantic quadrangle	0
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag	0
too immature and unappealing to care about	0
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
an immensely entertaining look	1
the best possible ways	1
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	1
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	1
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other	1
more of the same old garbage	0
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman	1
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid -	0
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	1
snail-like	0
it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	1
the best sex comedy	1
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	1
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	1
is not easily forgotten	1
enjoy this movie	1
a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains	1
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
did n't connect with me would require another viewing	0
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	1
the material is so second-rate	0
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction	0
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
the limitations of his skill	0
no trouble sitting for blade ii	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and	0
composed or edited	0
with enough sardonic wit	1
alone , should scare any sane person away .	0
confusion and	0
an accessible introduction as well as	1
a captivating drama	1
to hate it	0
abused	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures	1
bomb	0
as compelling	1
a breath of fresh air now and then	1
is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry	0
it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama	0
the dark visions already relayed by superb	1
the nightmare	0
unlimited access	1
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances	1
nation	1
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus	0
gloriously	1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	1
does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
a confusing melange	0
unfortunately	0
confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller	1
the thin veneer of nationalism	0
his most critically insightful	1
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality	1
passe '	0
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
a dreary movie .	0
cleverest	1
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect	1
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence	0
is enticing	1
otherwise dull	0
is precious little of either .	0
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
is technically sophisticated in the worst way	0
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
fairly lame	0
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	0
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	0
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
a tasty masala .	1
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers	1
jolly	1
this method almost never fails him	1
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
of the funniest motion	1
does n't quite get there	0
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and	0
shabby digital photography	0
keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride	1
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''	0
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre	1
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .	1
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another ,	0
the lively intelligence of the artists	1
how bad his movie is	0
getting a more mature body	1
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	0
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance	1
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
most important and exhilarating forms	1
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	1
tasteful	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women	1
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart	1
excruciating	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier	0
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant	1
high production values	1
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
be familiar	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
you love reading and/or poetry	1
return to never land is reliable	1
make the most of its own ironic implications	1
had this much imagination and nerve	1
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness --	1
looks and feels tired	0
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
of parental failings	0
funny	1
a non-stop funny feast	1
one-of-a-kind work	1
with a series of riveting set pieces	1
futile concoction	0
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards	0
it 's a ripper of a yarn	1
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
generic drama	0
such subtlety and warmth	1
, smart , savvy , compelling	1
gutsy	1
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle	1
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene	1
the most surprising thing about this film	1
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults	0
too much exploitation and	0
nails all of orlean 's themes	1
more of : spirit , perception , conviction	1
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
fit well together	1
bring off this kind of whimsy	1
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
what 's worse	0
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent	0
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	1
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
worldly-wise and very funny script	1
patience , respect and affection	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama	0
rank frustration from those	0
obscenity	0
their most virtuous limits	1
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed	1
dark comedy	1
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	1
simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash	0
ultimately winning story	1
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
in denial about	0
grand	1
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
the clumsy cliché of the ugly american	0
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .	0
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
truly magical movie	1
has something fascinating	1
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
impressively delicate range	1
vividly	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests	0
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
wrong hands	0
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	1
bravado	1
donna	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and	1
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	0
be distinguished from a mediocre one	1
you could change tables	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	1
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?	1
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
flop	0
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
the ultimate scorsese film	1
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make	1
the characters are so generic and	0
makes these lives count	1
prolific director	1
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses	0
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another	0
cruel and	0
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and	1
goofiest stuff	1
more recent successes	1
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business	0
secondhand material	0
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	0
that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience	1
works superbly	1
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
clueless does south fork	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
audience award	1
no . .	0
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers	1
showtime 's uninspired send-up	0
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
their place in the world	1
odd , poetic road movie	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end	0
distanced us	0
much further than we imagine	1
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	0
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film	1
not as outrageous or funny	0
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	0
the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances	1
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
amusedly	1
hilariously raunchy as south park	1
this listless feature	0
not-very-funny comedy	0
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	1
value or merit	1
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general	0
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances	1
film that will enthrall the whole family .	1
entirely suspenseful ,	1
undeniable energy	1
bottom-rung	0
some genuine quirkiness	1
very top rank	1
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly	0
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience	0
the ring never lets you off the hook .	1
would tax einstein 's brain .	0
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling	1
without a map	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing	1
will definitely win some hearts	1
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	1
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	1
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays	0
bertrand tavernier 's	1
'll find in this dreary mess .	0
scored and powered	1
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	1
gigantic proportions	1
a delicious crime drama on par	1
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
its floating narrative	1
this was lazy but enjoyable	1
one of the most curiously depressing	0
never thought i 'd say this	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france	1
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action	1
the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy	0
, hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
a compelling film .	1
clumsy and rushed	0
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ,	1
unique and entertaining twist	1
disposable story	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and	0
pleasure	1
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise	1
pushiness and decibel volume	0
is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
that clever angle	1
intended for the home video market	0
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .	0
a major waste	0
dramatic comedy	1
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ,	1
such a fine idea	1
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
an empty exercise ,	0
nothing happens , and	0
, amusing	1
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	0
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be	1
von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke	1
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
exceptional honesty	1
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	1
a funny moment or two	1
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action	0
wonderfully warm human drama	1
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished	1
assured , glossy	1
an oscar-worthy performance	1
, `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	1
ca n't help but feel ` stoked	1
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	0
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time	1
lots of boring talking heads , etc. --	0
a rich and full life	1
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity	0
pays off and is effective if you stick with it	1
stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes	0
, no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	1
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	1
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	0
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass	1
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	1
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous	1
long and tedious	0
golden book	1
well-directed	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
so bland and	0
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs	0
a lot of tooth in roger dodger	1
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	1
companion	1
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material	1
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
the wrong things	0
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships	0
attack	0
( seagal 's )	1
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet	1
the charming result is festival in cannes .	1
distracting special effects and visual party tricks	0
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	0
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
an interesting exercise	1
satire and childhood awakening	1
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
enjoyable	1
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design	1
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	1
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
the downward spiral	0
... is magnificent	1
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department	0
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
bump in the night and nobody	0
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	1
going to be really awful	0
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
seriously dumb	0
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and	1
should dispel it	0
a better movie experience	1
wonderfully vulgar	1
a dull , dumb and derivative horror	0
light-hearted way	1
insultingly simplistic	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ,	1
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company .	0
crafted but	1
starting	1
, considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
truly gorgeous	1
there , done that ,	0
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	0
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	1
offers rare insight	1
is definitely a director to watch .	1
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem	1
, stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment	1
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them	1
eyeballs	1
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	0
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and	1
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family	0
tragic deaths	0
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
as it turns out , you can go home again .	1
unlikeable	0
a tree	1
enhancing	1
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent	1
a powerfully evocative mood	1
a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break	0
got me grinning	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and	0
been lost in the translation	0
the dorkier aspects	0
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	0
its storytelling prowess and	1
, worse yet , nonexistent --	0
by lousy direction	0
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
vile , incoherent mess	0
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	0
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	0
another best	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence	1
enough sardonic	0
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	1
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior	1
of the amazing spider-man	1
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
's also too stupid	0
humanizing stuff	1
a dull girl ,	0
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans	1
unflinching look	1
potentially good	1
a great and a terrible story	1
an unpleasantly	0
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
rare family movie	1
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
's exploitive without being insightful .	0
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
thinks-it-is joke	0
mediocre	0
few movies are able to accomplish	1
one more dumb high school comedy	0
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be	0
a dreary , humorless soap opera	0
as darkly funny ,	1
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	1
most pleasurable movies	1
pick your nose instead	0
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	1
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	1
durable	1
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up	0
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail	0
a fair bit of vampire fun	1
unexpected ways , touching	1
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on	0
a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does	1
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .	1
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter	0
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday	1
psychologically unpersuasive	0
the visceral excitement	1
for once	1
a serious exploration	1
schizo cartoon	0
just because it seems obligatory	0
is pretty damned funny .	1
into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,	0
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding	1
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
clever ,	1
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece	0
narrative continuity	1
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare	0
the characters seem one-dimensional ,	0
lively dream	1
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	0
certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
of oscar wilde 's classic satire	1
pokémon 4ever	1
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided	0
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	0
brims with passion :	1
a true	1
beautifully shot ,	1
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful	1
definitely funny stuff	1
, slapdash disaster .	0
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but	0
extraordinarily rich	1
high-minded appeal	1
so engagingly	1
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
a better vehicle	1
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
fascinate in their recklessness	1
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	1
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	1
nothing short of a great one	1
spontaneous creativity and	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not	1
cold-hearted curmudgeon	0
that delicate canon	1
its underventilated père-fils confrontations	0
loud and thoroughly	1
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread	0
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --	1
motivate	1
, e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious	0
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	0
emotionally stirring	1
bumbling	0
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion	1
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ?	1
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment	0
it drags during its 112-minute length	0
is funny , scary and sad .	1
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
fussy	0
most romantic	1
paranoid	0
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	0
dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year	1
making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view	1
's a heck of a ride	1
flexible	1
's never too late to believe in your dreams .	1
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
insensitivity	0
's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .	0
most every aggrieved father cliché	0
you 're a struggling nobody	0
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours	0
necessary and timely	1
spellbinding serpent 's	1
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,	1
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but	0
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
a fascinating part of theater history	1
as the shabby digital photography	0
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth	0
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	1
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy	1
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
villain	0
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
it 's a very sincere work ,	1
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	0
you wish you had n't seen	0
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
-- and deeply appealing	1
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
a community-college advertisement	0
is all too predictable and far too cliched	0
is effective if you stick with it	1
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	0
family , forgiveness and love	1
big-budget/all-star movie	1
melodramatic movie	1
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film	1
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours	1
straightforward and old-fashioned	1
a lovably	1
unremittingly ugly	0
santa gives gifts to grownups	1
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works	0
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride	1
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him	1
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary	0
those prone to indignation need not apply ;	0
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	0
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .	0
's mildly entertaining ,	1
witty and sophisticated	1
a terrific screenplay and	1
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	0
you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
is not edward burns ' best film	0
brash , intelligent	1
liar	0
appreciated	1
reflective and beautifully	1
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and	1
is n't much better .	0
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	0
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances	1
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
the symbols	1
constant smiles and	1
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars	1
moving , and adventurous	1
the dialogue is cumbersome ,	0
too often strains	0
its intelligence and intensity	1
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely	0
of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
riveting , brisk delight	1
revelatory and	1
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ,	0
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
to be a compelling	1
been hoping for	1
pleasingly	1
of cinema 's directorial giants	1
, like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough	1
the joy the characters take in this creed	1
more repetition than creativity	0
been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game	1
skillfully	1
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system	1
fun-for-fun 's	1
that has nothing	0
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
she may not be real	0
goes on and on to the point of nausea	0
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	0
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow	1
many ways the perfect festival film	1
utterly delightful .	1
uniquely sensual	1
a skyscraper	1
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	1
action-packed	1
truly excellent sequences	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david	1
is of overwhelming waste	0
action and	1
equally derisive clunker	0
to give it a marginal thumbs up	1
every moment crackles with tension ,	1
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock	1
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
an unmistakable , easy joie	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and	1
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	1
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
comes off as a pale successor .	0
a heartening tale of small victories	1
the most repugnant adaptation	0
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation	1
are too simplistic to maintain interest	0
she ca n't provide any conflict	0
knew about generating suspense	1
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
jell into charm	1
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	1
crawlies	0
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score	0
blair witch video-cam footage	0
allegedly inspiring and	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	1
a rollicking good time	1
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption	0
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and	1
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama	1
competently	1
stuck around for this long	0
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire	0
good-time shenanigans	1
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem	1
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	0
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle	1
told in scattered fashion	0
comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	0
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull	0
bold ( and lovely ) experiment	1
rocks	1
the career peak	1
his trademark misogyny	0
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
fails on its own ,	0
his most personal work yet .	1
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
clever and	1
you 're engulfed by it .	1
something of a stiff	0
a work of extraordinary journalism ,	1
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	0
well-meant but unoriginal .	0
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured	1
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs	0
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food	1
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '	0
wildly popular vin diesel	1
a hugely enjoyable film	1
lazy	0
above anything sandler	1
be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	1
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	0
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	1
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .	0
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	0
hard-won rewards	1
the actors are fantastic .	1
provocative and prescient	1
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , '	0
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	1
are oscar-size	1
fluffy	1
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution	0
as decent drama/action flick	1
misogynist	0
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen ,	0
utterly ridiculous	0
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
into that annoying specimen of humanity	0
were written by somebody else	0
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera	1
in me	1
is also beautifully acted .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ;	1
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift	1
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	0
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous	1
sounds like horrible poetry	0
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet	1
way original	1
of love that strikes a very resonant chord	1
vulgarity	0
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	0
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film	0
frantic , virulent and foul-natured	0
most entertaining moments	1
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing	1
fragmented	0
feel pissed off	0
gives a performance that is masterly	1
like it was worth your seven bucks	1
rather frightening	0
the best star trek movie in a long time	1
clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs	0
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and	1
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	1
enjoyable documentary .	1
seem disappointing	0
and unforgettable characters	1
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
eccentric and good-naturedly	1
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience	1
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary	0
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
roman coppola 's brief pretentious period	0
flagrantly	0
lower i.q.	0
a possible argentine american beauty reeks	0
are certainly	1
histrionic	0
about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way	0
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
to being exciting	1
eventful	1
spin hopelessly out	0
of an upper class austrian society	1
in a well-balanced fashion	1
beautifully edited	1
decent performances	1
fully developed story	1
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	0
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
a suspenseful horror movie	1
the gifted korean american stand-up	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ,	1
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	0
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting	0
a perfect performance	1
unencouraging	0
overblown	0
simplistic , silly and tedious	0
bitter	0
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	1
should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts )	1
churlish	0
and educational !	1
inventive	1
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them	1
real visual charge to the filmmaking	1
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein	0
's an entertaining movie	1
whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
shooting itself	0
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama	0
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking	1
a well-done film	1
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	0
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	0
worth seeing	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and	0
awed	1
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
with spikes of sly humor	1
like this movie	1
life-embracing spirit	1
, no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
too heavy for the plot	0
best short	1
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film	1
made it all work	1
she 's pretty and	1
were paying dues for good books unread	0
saddens	0
far more entertaining	1
emotional and	1
has a lot of charm	1
it 's not too much of anything .	0
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
a chance to see three splendid actors	1
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	0
it belongs on the big screen	1
that tell the best story	1
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth	0
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	0
awkwardly garish showcase	0
is somewhat entertaining	1
where a masterpiece should be	1
gondry 's direction is adequate	1
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
's mission accomplished	1
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
low comedy	0
live in denial about	0
bad bluescreen	0
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches	0
is way , way off .	0
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	1
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare	1
auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	0
sheerly beautiful film	1
overlong and not well-acted , but	0
, `` they 're out there ! ''	1
exactly endearing	1
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people ,	0
staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast	1
better effects ,	1
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and	1
by this gentle comedy	1
the sentimental script has problems	0
unpleasant	0
beacon of hope	1
a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype	0
is a gem .	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics	1
australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic	0
utter mush	0
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it	0
does best	1
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
as compelling or as believable	1
is n't much to it	0
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	0
the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama	1
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english --	1
an interesting movie	1
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	1
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
exasperatingly	0
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
entrapment in the maze of modern life	1
there 's no good answer to that one .	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating	1
at the absurdities and inconsistencies	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile	1
satisfying well-made romantic comedy	1
perceptive	1
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	1
smoothly sinister freddie	1
: it 's not really funny .	0
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking	1
with flailing bodily movements	0
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and	1
an obvious copy	0
is phenomenal , especially the women .	1
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .	1
movie-star intensity	1
a winning piece of work	1
directed with purpose and finesse	1
one-dimensional characters	0
fumbles away	0
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut	1
perfect movie	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old --	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	0
no unifying rhythm or	0
like a bad idea from frame one	0
lulled	0
lulls you	0
intricately constructed	1
dullard	0
with fewer gags to break the tedium	0
the uncompromising knowledge	1
only obscure the message	0
satisfied	1
low rate annie	0
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision	1
green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast	1
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect	0
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
laughing at ' variety	1
when you 're a struggling nobody	0
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .	1
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
adorable italian guys	1
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation	0
with clever dialogue and likeable characters	1
largely unfunny	0
, non-exploitive approach	1
so much like a young robert deniro	1
is tragically	0
been made with an enormous amount of affection	1
art-house gay porn film	0
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out	1
's no conversion effort	0
the scarifying	1
journalistically dubious , inept	0
forgettable	0
with cliche	0
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point	1
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	1
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy	1
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	1
still shines in her quiet blue eyes	1
a long , unfunny one at that	0
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	0
the ` ick '	0
of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen	1
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it	0
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right	1
nijinsky	1
a christmas perennial	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
the light-footed enchantment the material needs	1
though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle	1
yet the act is still charming here .	1
career - kids = misery	0
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	1
high-concept sci fi adventures	1
the sick character	0
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
sweet and sexy film	1
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	0
if you love the music , and i do	1
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine	1
pray does n't have a passion for the material .	0
is nearly incoherent	0
the nerve to speak up	1
metaphor	1
soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
too long has ignored	0
falls victim	0
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative	1
a much better mother-daughter tale	1
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	0
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
odd and pixilated	0
recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end	0
praises female self-sacrifice	1
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
is a great deal of fun	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though	0
is reliable	1
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	0
dry wit and compassion	1
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	1
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip	0
familiar , funny surface	1
was inspired	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones	1
a solid cast	1
delicious dialogue	1
it 's more than a worthwhile effort	1
can hear you snore	0
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
it is n't merely offensive	0
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	1
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	1
full of sex , drugs and rock	1
're simply not funny performers	0
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works	0
some effecting moments	1
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
a touching , transcendent love story	1
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
blue hilarity	1
little-known perspective	0
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
a gorgeous pair	1
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
pray has really done his subject justice .	1
is just such an achievement .	1
as an important , original talent in international cinema	1
with a visual style unique and inherent	1
as moronic as some campus gross-out films	0
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style	0
sub-formulaic slap	0
a puritanical brand of christianity	1
this film that may not always work	0
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	0
, it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
like the hours as an alternative	1
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump	0
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale	1
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
cheap trick	0
the atmosphere of the crime expertly	1
idealism	1
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	0
cheesy b-movie	0
gets molested	0
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin	0
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	0
jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
unsuccessful	0
is a tale worth catching	1
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
profane	0
but they 're simply not funny performers	0
fabulous	1
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	0
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	0
like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film	1
variable	1
`` interesting ''	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous	1
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and	1
a brilliant piece of filmmaking	1
does n't	0
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded	1
unfulfilling	0
from such a great one	1
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals	0
be like trying to eat brussels sprouts	0
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	0
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
's something vital about the movie .	1
good action	1
treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
adding the rich details	1
enough gun battles and	0
contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen	1
enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
but no . .	0
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and	1
worst excesses	0
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable	1
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )	0
abandoned , but	0
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
just not a thrilling movie	0
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
my ribcage	1
easily and , in the end , not well enough	0
most excruciating	0
, villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential	0
of heartfelt performances	1
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo	0
accomplished actress	1
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	0
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset	1
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking	1
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny	0
eminently engrossing film	1
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
redundancy	0
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless	0
it 's hardly watchable	0
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
it is a refreshingly forthright one	1
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
a fairly irresistible package	1
could fail to respond	0
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
see a movie with its heart	1
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt	1
a genuinely bone-chilling tale	1
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	1
one never overwhelms the other	1
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	1
spectacle	1
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons	1
can not engage	0
, whatever your orientation .	1
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
upbeat	1
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	0
to do that is really funny	1
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
the holes in this film	0
could have been much better	0
fun	1
appreciates	1
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ,	0
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	1
as comfort food often can	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	0
many insightful moments .	1
grievous but obscure complaint	0
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	0
irresistible blend	1
like real life	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and	0
of theater history	1
hint	1
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
own floundering way	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and	0
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .	1
, amusing and unsettling	1
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
the classics	1
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario	0
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and	1
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	0
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ,	1
playful spirit	1
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	0
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	0
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
to add the magic that made it all work	1
they so heartwarmingly motivate	1
sweetness , clarity and emotional	1
a hack script	0
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
plunging deeper	1
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
loved ones	1
great companion piece	1
for its success on a patient viewer	1
overstylized	0
riveting documentary .	1
got aids	0
is predictable at every turn .	0
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount	1
intriguing plot	1
, promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
two hours of junk	0
feel good about	1
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire	0
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	1
that both thrills the eye	1
peculiar malaise	0
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	0
rich with period minutiae	1
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	1
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
heartfelt and achingly real	1
fabulousness	1
awkwardly contrived exercise	0
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	0
with tension	0
sparkling with ideas	1
logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
flick that scalds like acid .	0
that 's not saying much	0
, fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
there are some laughs in this movie , but	1
its most glaring	0
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience	0
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments	1
its performances	1
has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
wo n't enjoy the movie at all	0
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions	0
literal	1
cold , calculated exercise	0
is more timely now than ever	1
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
goofy way	1
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense	1
each one of these people stand out and	1
new release	1
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	1
be quirky and funny	1
a treatise on spirituality as well as	1
( unintentionally ) funniest moments	1
top-billed star bruce willis	1
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone	1
awe and affection -- and	1
, original	1
its fun	1
his lack of faith in his audience	0
painfully forced ,	0
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail	0
straightforward , emotionally honest manner	1
bad	0
absorbing look	1
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva	1
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
that the entire exercise has no real point	0
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	1
lumbering , wheezy	0
to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing	1
jaw-dropping action sequences ,	1
toward keeping the picture compelling	1
highly professional film	1
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	1
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
not that funny	0
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
solid , satisfying fare	1
less a movie	0
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
is credible and remarkably mature .	1
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and	1
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss	0
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for	1
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and	1
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
believed in their small-budget film	1
offer any new insight	1
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
is a just a waste .	0
a cellophane-pop remake	0
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
a mawkish self-parody	0
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people	1
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
good idea	1
never comes close to being either funny or scary	0
shameless attempt	0
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	1
sweet ,	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and	1
director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	0
, the score is too insistent	0
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
to wait for the video	0
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	1
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	1
would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	1
that sends you out of the theater feeling	1
's still quite worth	1
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year	1
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	1
best disney movie	1
than a leaky freighter	0
an esteemed writer-actor	1
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	1
make paid in full worth seeing	1
of minor shortcomings	0
authentic	1
if disingenuous ,	0
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel	0
beautifully designed	1
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success	0
contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	0
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	1
fun-loving	1
at this nonsensical story	0
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
an enjoyable film	1
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	1
the start -- and , refreshingly ,	1
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	0
a bold biographical fantasia	1
jaw-dropping action sequences	1
a beautiful , entertaining two hours	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	1
with a tawdry b-movie scum	0
all things we 've seen before	0
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	1
well-thought stunts	1
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
the smarter offerings the horror genre	1
a hilarious ode to middle america and	1
tight and truthful ,	1
is remembering	1
the nightmare of war	0
two not very absorbing characters	0
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness	1
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most	0
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	1
after an uncertain start	0
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often	1
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
is so often nearly nothing	0
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	0
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
is worth seeing	1
director to watch	1
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses	0
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	0
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	1
with maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	0
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	0
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and	1
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action	0
blasphemous bad	0
genuine ones	1
the movie you 're looking for	1
it is handled with intelligence and care	1
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	0
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
was followed by the bad idea	0
a difficult time	0
dignified	1
jet	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears	1
the big ending surprise	1
will no doubt	1
any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
its intended audience -- children --	1
are in tatters	0
is too impressed with its own solemn insights	0
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	0
of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls ''	1
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces	1
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	0
things will turn out okay	1
shrek	1
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
faulty	0
intolerable levels	0
analyze this , not	0
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film	0
of the wondrous beats	1
unpleasantly	0
the sheer beauty	1
heart-pounding suspense	1
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice	1
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .	0
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	1
pleasant enough dish	1
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles	0
look ahead and resist living in a past	1
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
weaknesses	0
more fascinating	1
exhaustingly	0
with minimal imagination	0
often overwritten	0
ca n't recommend it enough	1
well-mounted history lesson	1
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
utterly painful	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	0
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
hate it .	0
in the worst sense of the expression	0
sex	1
some charm and heart	1
love it ... hell , i dunno .	1
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull	0
one oscar nomination	1
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions	1
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
is essentially an extended soap opera	0
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians	0
survive a screening with little harm done ,	1
99-minute	1
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor	1
favor	1
remarkably well	1
simply not funny performers	0
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
the adrenaline jolt	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation	1
assassination	0
defies expectation	1
name-calling	0
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
stylish and moody	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	0
a 75-minute sample of puerile	0
grows boring despite the scenery	0
not the craven of ' a nightmare	0
spot-on	1
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera	1
thoroughly unrewarding all of this	0
usual worst	0
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise	1
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,	0
is as often imaginative as it is gory	1
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived	1
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	0
inept	0
cohesive story	1
is n't as weird as it ought to be	0
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul	1
an angel simplicity	1
, predictable rehash	0
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth	0
cheap-shot mediocrity	0
cracked lunacy	0
thoughtlessly	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears .	1
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
big letdown	0
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .	1
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
will warm your heart	1
is the one	1
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
the source material movie	1
they just do n't work in concert .	0
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	0
deferred and desire	1
1937 breakthrough	1
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
brought down by lousy direction	0
playfully	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and	1
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	1
good action , good acting	1
is remarkably dull with only caine	0
an odd show	0
puzzling than unsettling	0
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other	0
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	1
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
of genres that just does n't work	0
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe	1
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke	0
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .	0
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
really get weird , though not particularly scary	0
its screwed-up characters	0
a retread	0
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture	0
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
novel	1
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance	1
affirm	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity	1
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .	0
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry	1
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this	0
alexander payne 's ode to the everyman	1
crisp storytelling	1
this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
old-world charm	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
... unbearably lame .	0
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks	0
is atrocious	0
designed to fill time	0
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos	1
disappointments	0
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	0
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
decent ` intro ' documentary	1
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
can actually feel good	1
a complete waste	0
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd	0
victim	0
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered	0
floundering	0
the modern master of the chase sequence	1
so many red herrings	0
it has a bigger-name cast	1
saw that was written down	0
be even worse than its title	0
well acted by the four primary actors	1
takes to describe how bad it is	0
fantastic movie	1
merit its 103-minute length	1
flowering	1
promisingly	1
rosenthal ( halloween ii )	0
obsessively	0
does a solid job of slowly	1
itch to explore more	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters	1
unreachable	0
unimaginative and	0
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
provocative central wedding sequence	1
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	0
presented in convincing way	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	1
an enormous feeling	1
that tries to be smart	0
what makes barbershop so likable	1
deeper and more engaging .	1
interesting enough	1
clumsy	0
breathes more	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise	1
the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star	0
be the cat 's meow	1
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images	1
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	1
the fans are often funny fanatics	1
is an interesting movie !	1
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still	1
an exercise in chilling style	1
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly	1
completely wreaked	0
onto a different path	1
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	0
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome .	0
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images	1
ferrara 's best film in years	1
a chiller resolutely without chills .	0
music and life	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time	1
remarkable amount	1
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content	0
even less capable trio	0
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	0
ends up delivering in good measure	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you :	0
self-defeatingly decorous	0
care less	0
informative	1
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
wise-beyond-her-years teen	1
coherent rhythm	1
that heralds something special	1
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
you will never forget	1
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	0
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	0
flavor and spice	1
peevish and	0
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style	0
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves	1
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	0
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and	1
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime	1
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ,	1
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and	1
terrible , banal dialogue ;	0
create and sustain a mood	1
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be	1
that grand a failure	0
bad , bad , bad movie	0
is actually quite entertaining	1
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt	0
that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
the promise of excitement	1
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
cheap , ludicrous attempt	0
the obnoxious special effects ,	0
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking	1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting	1
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities	0
a crowdpleaser as	1
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative	1
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin	0
completely honest , open-hearted film	1
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	1
a powerful , inflammatory film	1
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight .	0
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously	1
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
of the credit for the film 's winning tone	1
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
a reasonably good time	1
symbolic examination	1
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ,	1
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	0
skip the film and	0
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill	0
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives	1
morvern rocks .	1
doze off thirty minutes	0
you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
the performances are uniformly good .	1
celluloid garbage	0
stillborn	0
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	0
lyrical and celebratory	1
fling	1
romantic , riveting and handsomely	1
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
a very capable nailbiter .	1
turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme	1
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace	1
convincing impersonation	1
before it begins to fade from memory	0
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
the goods	1
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	1
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	1
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals	0
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama	1
banality and hypocrisy	0
funny thrill	1
's just as wonderful on the big screen	1
of dreamlike ecstasy	1
glory days	1
media-soaked	0
surprisingly refreshing	1
overproduced piece	0
lifeless execution	0
most of the movie 's success	1
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	0
the characters are paper thin and	0
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	1
elegant entertainment	1
strongest and most touching movie of recent years	1
much of jonah simply , and gratefully	1
too weak	0
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	0
that the plot makes no sense	0
empty	0
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance	1
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	1
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
is little else to recommend `` never again	0
, lecherous	0
rigid	0
cold	0
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and	1
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal	1
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies	0
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	0
bright shining star	1
is so thoughtlessly assembled	0
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned	0
the resourceful molly	1
a great idea	1
being able to creep the living hell out of you	1
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two	1
on the amateurish	0
re-imagining of beauty and	1
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa	0
gong li and a vivid personality	1
enormously endearing	1
, bad movie	0
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	1
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork	1
gut-busting	1
loud , violent and mindless	0
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
beyond-lame satire	0
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders	1
insightful writer/director	1
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	1
is generally quite funny	1
hazy high	1
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
a little too much resonance with real world events	0
inarticulate	0
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery	1
tremendous , offbeat sense	1
love it , too	1
is an interesting movie ! ''	1
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won	0
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
the right conditions	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care	0
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	0
the action looks fake	0
to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	1
are totally estranged from reality .	0
a touching drama about old age and grief	1
get on television	1
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context	1
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental	1
the sweet , melancholy spell	1
off his game	0
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series	0
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
impression	1
the power of polanski 's film	1
seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death	1
and even touching	1
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow	1
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
irresistibly uncanny ambience	1
immense imax screen	1
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction	0
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	1
frida with a visual style unique and inherent	1
the hook	1
both oscar winners	1
tragic waste	0
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
grand tour	1
provide an emotional edge	1
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
delightfully compatible	1
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
being unique	1
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	1
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
yarns ever	1
rather toothless take	0
last year 's lame musketeer	0
most thoughtful	1
far more successful	1
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off	0
ten	1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth	1
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance	0
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout	1
dull girl	0
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,	0
worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
of a thousand cliches	0
that made it all work	1
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .	0
off-beat and fanciful	1
is , alas , no woody allen .	0
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls	1
made for the tube	0
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting	1
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers	1
of stupefying absurdity	0
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy	0
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion	1
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
cinematic perfection	1
the previous movies	1
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve	1
as one of the worst films of the summer	0
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	0
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue	0
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth	1
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script	0
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section	0
elegant technology for the masses --	1
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	1
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination	0
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
is misbegotten	0
malaise	0
oddly fascinating depiction	1
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	0
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach	0
unique culture	1
makes the film special	1
dull	0
her share of the holiday box office pie	1
the dynamic first act	1
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity	1
deeply absorbing	1
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show	1
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences	1
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
a wet burlap sack	0
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	0
be killed	0
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success	0
this toothless dog , already on cable ,	0
soap opera-ish story	0
a cool event for the whole family	1
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen	0
is n't exactly endearing	0
so much farcical	0
a potent chemistry	1
leather	1
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater	1
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece	1
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie	0
cautions	0
better after foster	1
the pure adrenalin	1
victims	0
to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
it dull , lifeless , and irritating	0
slow	0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	1
the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
to sit through it again	0
do all three quite well	1
is never quite able	0
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes	1
's nowhere near	0
ca n't even	0
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	0
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
bad and baffling from the get-go	0
any number of metaphorical readings	1
as a pale successor	0
smothered	0
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
a pretty decent kid-pleasing	1
duly impressive in imax dimensions	1
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
pictures	1
agreed	1
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes	0
flailing	0
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer	0
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	0
takes no apparent joy in making movies	0
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career	1
a purpose and a strong pulse	1
its beautiful women	1
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
seems to enjoy its own transparency	1
there to scare while we delight in the images	1
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around	0
love-struck	1
it is cruel	0
wisdom and humor	1
masterfully controlled	1
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
the true impact of the day	1
unengaging	0
visceral and spiritual	1
the film is all over the place , really .	0
imagines	1
easily accessible stories	1
swaggers through his scenes	1
i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	0
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	0
classy	1
enjoyed it just as much	1
a successful adaptation and	1
a bad improvisation exercise	0
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	0
his supple understanding of the role	1
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	1
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly	0
predictable and cloying ,	0
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,	0
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
an enjoyable trifle	1
the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
with its own cuteness	1
makes his films so memorable	1
the large cast is solid	1
a breath of fresh air	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism ,	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic	0
loved the people onscreen	1
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
labors as storytelling	0
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
recommended	1
to his craft , but to his legend	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting	1
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian	0
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	1
remains surprisingly idealistic	1
, confused , and totally disorientated	0
claim to express warmth and longing	1
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
is basically just a curiosity	0
a bad improvisation exercise ,	0
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode	1
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
it 's not bad prose	1
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	1
'll know a star when you see one .	1
as naturally charming	1
a comedy	1
somewhat tired premise	0
great performances ,	1
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood	0
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes	0
the problematic script	0
energy and wit	1
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken	0
yet lacking about everything	0
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --	0
sweet without the decay factor	1
uncomfortably strained	0
lacking	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china	1
modest masterpiece .	1
a nifty plot line	1
even the corniest and	0
memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	0
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	1
otherwise dull subjects	0
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	1
unexpected fable	1
genial-rogue shtick	0
is a bowser .	0
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but	0
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending	1
love stories you will ever see .	1
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned	0
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent	1
the original	1
it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	0
an extremely flat lead performance	0
an unabashedly romantic picture	1
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	0
is n't a very involving one	0
naturalistic acting	1
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place	0
at least passably	1
makes the move from pleasing	1
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling	1
anger	0
punitive minutes	0
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it	1
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
fake	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ...	0
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple	1
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
's really unclear	0
vulgar	0
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' )	1
flailing around	0
bland	0
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	0
warmth and gentle	1
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one	1
disastrous ending	0
cheesier	0
that final , beautiful scene	1
weird and distanced	0
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound	0
cumbersome	0
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	0
the rich details	1
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject	0
worn-out	0
gaining much momentum	1
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	0
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment	1
is disappointingly generic .	0
too loud , too goofy and	0
bug-eye theater and dead-eye	0
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .	1
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	1
to jimmy 's relentless anger	0
without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing	0
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002	1
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	0
problems and	0
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	0
the haphazardness of evil	0
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade	1
instantly disposable	0
some of the more overtly silly dialogue	0
does n't generate a lot of energy	0
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	0
ruined by amateurish	0
into one good one	1
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
theater feeling	1
wonderful creatures	1
having an old friend for dinner '	1
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	1
worse stunt editing	0
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation	1
frighteningly fascinating	1
would seem to be surefire casting .	1
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .	0
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters	1
based on stock clichés	0
moving and vibrant .	1
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations	1
aggravating	0
moments of hilarity	1
director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
stupid sequel	0
is entertaining on an inferior level	0
sinks .	0
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless	1
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic	0
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .	0
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even	0
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
woozy	0
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
go hand in hand	1
demented in a good way	1
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay	0
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
thanks largely	1
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	0
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work	1
sexy and	1
merely pretentious	0
comatose	0
undramatic	0
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes	1
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes	0
blood-curdling family intensity	1
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers	1
the filmmakers know how to please the eye ,	1
leguizamo 's best movie work so far ,	1
interesting technical exercise	1
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons	1
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries	1
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
generic	0
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	1
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	0
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	1
certified	1
a sobering meditation	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
and mawkish dialogue	0
as simultaneously funny , offbeat	1
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	0
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	0
even more indistinct	0
launch	1
sophisticated and	1
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .	0
exudes the urbane sweetness	1
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
drag on for nearly three hours	0
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major	0
and narrative grace	1
michel	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ,	0
technical flaws	0
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
in this case zero .	0
powerful drama	1
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	0
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	1
because it 's so bad	0
it feels much longer	0
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion	1
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters	0
american sports	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious	1
there 's no art here	0
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	1
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
a low-key , organic way	1
very attractive about this movie	1
be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking	0
stylistic	1
how bad this movie was	0
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	0
did n't sell many records but	0
groggy	0
the sensational	1
gentle but	1
two fatal ailments --	0
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire	0
absolutely and completely ridiculous	0
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	0
long-faced sad sack	0
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	0
humor , verve and fun	1
not-so-bright mother and daughter	0
fun and enjoyable	1
, it has a genuine dramatic impact	1
please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel	1
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors	1
dramatic enough	1
too-spectacular	0
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	0
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots	0
pleasuring its audience	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	0
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
as splendid-looking as this particular film	1
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for	1
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
film that suffers because of its many excesses	0
most repellent things	0
harrowing and uplifting	1
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	0
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
spirit is a visual treat , and	1
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	1
so many talented people could participate in such an	1
some of the most inventive	1
works more often than it does n't	1
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day	1
is nothing short of refreshing	1
poignant comedy	1
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured	1
of fresh air	1
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
imaginative filmmaking	1
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone	0
sluggish pacing	0
favorably compared to das boot	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence ,	1
a penetrating , potent exploration	1
formulaic	0
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
the flaws	0
very much worth	1
even a little dated	0
so could young romantics out on a date .	1
imperfect , love-hate relationship	0
pleasing at its best moments	1
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
a bad taste	0
so charmless and vacant	0
bad alternative music	0
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
moderately successful but	1
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way	0
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel	0
emerges as a numbingly dull experience	0
especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	1
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve	1
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time	1
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
a very good ( but not great ) movie	1
almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
the pitch-perfect forster	1
has some freakish powers of visual charm	1
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	1
funny and pithy	1
ca n't support the epic treatment	0
hollywood kids	1
` ick '	0
could use a little more humanity , but	0
pompous	0
allusions	1
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
run through its otherwise comic narrative .	1
expressionistic license	1
positives	1
gross romanticization	0
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson	1
insufficiently	0
pale , dark beauty	1
a good film	1
takes you by the face	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	0
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
is disgusting to begin with	0
on cue	1
too loud and	0
the most enchanting film of the year	1
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .	1
, never rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
two best films	1
as the most offensive action	0
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
, the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining	1
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names	0
creeps	0
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements	0
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony	0
flies out the window	0
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
a huge fan	1
subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
belly laughs	1
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	0
lighthearted glow	1
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present	1
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	0
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family	1
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
make them laugh	1
scathing	0
thrillingly	1
neither dramatic nor comic	0
by men of marginal intelligence	0
a promising work-in-progress	1
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	1
whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films	1
humorless , self-conscious art drivel	0
deceptions	0
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
a delicious crime drama	1
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	0
will undoubtedly enjoy it	1
innocent ,	1
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers	0
you 're on the edge of your seat	1
model	1
the compassion , good-natured humor and	1
sloppy , made-for-movie	0
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	0
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ,	0
the material and the production	1
funny and	1
is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	1
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	0
some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
's refreshing	1
' should never have been brought out of hibernation	0
a blown-out vein	0
's a brazenly misguided project	0
-- and gross	0
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight	0
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style	1
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible	0
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut	1
lacks balance ...	0
playing the obvious game	0
an energetic , violent movie	1
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances	1
as an entertainment destination for the general public	1
valuable messages	1
a gem	1
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric	0
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock	0
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
is validated by the changing composition of the nation	1
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
of shakespeare 's better known tragedies	1
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	1
too skewed to ever get a hold on	0
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
legendary	1
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm	1
resonant chord	1
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
with every cinematic tool well under his control	1
have gone straight to video .	0
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
two-day old porridge	0
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty	1
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy	0
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
barely tolerable	0
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach	0
both gripping and compelling	1
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	0
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
the huskies are beautiful ,	1
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation	1
surprise us with plot twists	1
, it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
is an uncompromising film	1
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen	0
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice	0
nonsense machine	0
a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey	1
a feel-good movie that	1
horribly depressing	0
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
to smash its face in	0
unleashes	1
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
little wit and no surprises	0
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers	1
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy	0
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	1
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	1
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	1
his greatest triumph	1
like a skillful fisher	1
before the plot kicks into gear	1
as the original	1
the unfulfilling	0
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	1
defined	1
, i 'd say the film works	1
catastrophic collision	0
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	0
grace and panache	1
changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .	1
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece	0
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy	1
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
very handsomely produced	1
good and ambitious	1
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid	0
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	1
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	0
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying	0
clever and very satisfying picture	1
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .	1
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
italian freakshow	0
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile	1
my indignant , preemptive departure	0
bottom-of-the-bill fare	0
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ,	0
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
extremely flat lead performance	0
it 's smooth and professional	1
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	1
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults	0
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
being good	1
skip the film	0
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered	0
we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
interesting technical	1
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover	1
misfire	0
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
discovery and humor	1
( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
hipness	1
a lush , swooning melodrama	1
compelling french psychological drama	1
pg-13	1
authentic account of a historical event	1
modest amusements	1
steven soderbergh 's earlier films	1
this obscenely bad dark comedy ,	0
winning performances and some effecting moments	1
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
its exquisite acting ,	1
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary	0
is milked	0
so sloppy , so uneven , so	0
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire	1
, glaring and unforgettable .	1
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about	1
from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny	0
stinks	0
rather special	1
positive	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .	0
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	1
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
, madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	0
should appreciate its whimsical humor	1
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior )	1
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way	1
letting go at all the wrong moments	0
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind	1
while it can be a bit repetitive	0
do n't think so .	0
make love a joy to behold .	1
a companionable couple	1
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition	1
surprisingly buoyant	1
truly bad	0
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	1
without lectures or confrontations	1
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	0
painfully unfunny	0
plenty of entertainment value	1
bang your head	0
kline 's superbly nuanced performance ,	1
a good line in charm	1
sure hand	1
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	0
might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
the best the contest received	1
going at a rapid pace , occasionally	1
warm , inviting ,	1
bluster and	0
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating	0
you 'll end up moved .	1
titular	1
for evil	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat	1
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe	1
the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural	1
the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	1
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
inside an enigma	1
transcend its clever concept	1
never once predictable	1
, passionate	1
unspeakably , unbearably dull	0
a worthwhile documentary ,	1
drama , conflict , tears and surprise	1
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
comic barbs	1
are so unmemorable	0
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
of those rare pictures	1
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ,	0
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	1
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
a renowned indian film culture	1
you wanting more	1
that disconnects every 10 seconds	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	0
depraved	0
soap opera-ish dialogue	0
$ 99 bargain-basement special	0
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	0
improbable as this premise may seem	0
resonance	1
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither	0
to entertain all ages	1
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and	1
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story	0
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film ,	0
a smile on your face and	1
dramatically satisfying	1
amusing enough	1
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days	0
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -	0
it 's a loathsome movie	0
insultingly inept and artificial examination	0
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
get this thing over with	0
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage	1
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point	0
as the movie dragged on	0
too erotic nor	0
the absurdity of the premise	0
unturned	0
warm , fuzzy	1
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	0
beautifully made	1
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	1
topic	1
cliched dialogue and	0
holds interest	1
love , family	1
is as often imaginative	1
new kind	1
a snore and utter tripe	0
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it	0
is marveilleux	1
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
impressive and	1
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	0
misanthropic stuff	0
satisfying well-made	1
for its overwhelming creepiness	0
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses	0
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
to tear your eyes away from the images	1
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	0
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes	0
is more fun than conan the barbarian .	1
clunker	0
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	0
beautiful and mysterious	1
splendid meal	1
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	1
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
thematically	1
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	0
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
, ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
pat storylines , precious circumstances	1
thought it was going to be	1
with added depth and resonance	1
becomes predictably conventional .	0
, amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	0
and as bland	0
are n't	0
a high-end john hughes comedy ,	1
well done , but slow	1
an entertaining movie	1
it 's really well directed	1
wastes its time	0
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
much fun	1
, knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	0
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy	1
halfhearted	0
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	1
take heart	1
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters	0
so dull	0
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
's often overwritten	0
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
of your seat , tense with suspense	1
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	0
much credit	1
a role of almost bergmanesque intensity	1
morally	1
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .	0
an overly-familiar set	0
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote	0
with brooms and what is kind of special	1
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .	0
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth	1
the movie 's set	1
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	0
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .	1
be building suspense	1
to love the piano teacher	1
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible	0
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	1
a solid cast ,	1
excellent work	1
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set	0
craven	0
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
from cheap-shot mediocrity	0
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics	1
are more compelling than the execution	1
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	1
at its best	1
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
a thriller without a lot of thrills .	0
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing	0
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough	1
proud in its message	1
grand fart	0
breaks no new ground and	0
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera	1
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
to create images you wish you had n't seen	0
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	0
funniest motion	1
of elephant feces	0
walk to remember	1
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing	0
rocky and	1
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise	0
reason to go	1
darling band wilco	1
terrific special effects	1
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
predictably	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother	1
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
cultural intrigue	1
, then you 're at the right film .	1
timeless	1
just how well	1
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors	0
to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff	0
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	1
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude	1
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
ugly digital video	0
just another disjointed	0
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
, sordid universe	0
unexpectedly sweet story	1
love a disney pic	1
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess	0
, the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	0
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad	0
absorbing characters	1
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .	0
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .	0
lewis	1
supporting	1
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings	1
cutting-edge	1
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	1
become a major-league leading lady	1
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
splendor	1
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling	1
better than ` shindler 's list '	1
of cliches that the talented cast generally	0
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
the recording sessions are intriguing	1
who play their roles with vibrant charm	1
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack	0
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
retro uplifter .	1
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
a love song to the movies	1
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	0
strikingly devious	1
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task	1
the script ?	0
oscar winners	1
well worth	1
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers	1
last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise	1
the only thing avary seems to care about	0
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last	1
to faith and rainbows	1
in a summer of clones	0
i have a new favorite musical --	1
dishonest and pat	0
excruciatingly tedious	0
despite the surface attractions	0
as it is flawed	0
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
the way a good noir should	1
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
classical dramatic animated feature	1
would have a good time here .	1
, this dumas adaptation entertains	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ,	1
reinvigorated the romance genre	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination	1
the direction is intelligently accomplished	1
trip tripe	0
the horrors	0
in on the resourceful amnesiac	1
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs	0
is extraordinary .	1
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	0
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	1
, movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	0
rarely seem sure of where it should go	0
good music documentary	1
well-developed characters	1
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	0
is enormously good fun	1
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie	0
crap like this	0
give a spark	1
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness	1
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident	0
's a lousy one at that	0
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
sinister happy ending	1
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes	0
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser	1
meager weight	0
human darkness	0
dreary and	0
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast	0
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power	1
search of something different	1
milks drama when she should be building suspense	0
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance	1
best work	1
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	1
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	0
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and	1
throw elbows when necessary	1
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career	0
its tragic waste	0
the lovable-loser protagonist	1
the ` ick ' in ` classic	0
be intolerable company	0
stunning technical achievement	1
teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
paved with good intentions leads to the video store	0
to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
the engaging ,	1
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular	1
rather choppy	0
troubled and determined homicide cop	1
gripping performances	1
a frustrating patchwork	0
, is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies	0
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
paints an absurdly simplistic picture	0
fish-out-of-water formula	0
inherent absurdity	0
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay	0
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	0
vonnegut	1
if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself	0
does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us	0
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	0
indulges in the worst elements of all of them	0
inspiring or insightful	1
is authentic to the core of his being .	1
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie	0
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits	1
the ups and downs of friendships	1
amazingly successful	1
so larger than life	1
because relatively nothing happens	0
funny in the middle	1
precious	1
live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
rare treat	1
in its characters ' frustrations	0
full of funny situations and honest observations	1
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio	0
is n't just	0
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
love song	1
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	1
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation	0
unrelated	0
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience	0
swipe 90 minutes of your time	0
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it	1
a disappointment	0
as though they are having so much fun	1
undeniably exceedingly clever	1
a class by itself	1
is funny and	1
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and	0
fool	0
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	1
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape	0
richly entertaining and suggestive	1
to break free of her old life	1
of this year 's very best pictures	1
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults	0
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	1
clever scripting solutions	1
hard-driving	1
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
gangster no. 1 drips	0
relatively dry	0
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	1
shines on all the characters	1
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way	0
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful	1
a rich historical subject	1
19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick	1
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
runs out of steam	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ,	1
's never as solid	0
are able to accomplish	1
highly watchable stuff .	1
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and	1
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece	1
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place	1
be bored by as your abc 's	0
a breathtaking adventure	1
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point	0
cgi effects	1
schindler 's	1
, and	1
are all direct-to-video stuff	0
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition	0
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	1
an actual story	1
this slight premise	0
nasty aftertaste	0
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
too clichéd	0
to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it	0
classic theater piece	1
be used to burn every print of the film	0
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
that extra little something	1
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been	0
the right frame of mind	1
a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place	0
snooze	0
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	0
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas	0
the dark places of our national psyche	0
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
moments out of an alice	1
alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
is not even half the interest .	0
an inhalant blackout	0
companion piece	1
entertainment	1
like a travel-agency video	0
regardless of race	1
lushness	1
a thoughtful what-if	1
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie	0
derivative and hammily	0
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	1
polanski 's best film	1
funny and human and really	1
too erotic	0
cinematic bon bons	1
that with really poor comedic writing	0
gentle comedy	1
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
their charm does n't do a load of good	0
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
are pure hollywood	1
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
' it also rocks .	1
the film lapses	0
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour	1
one bright shining star	1
coma-like state	0
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst	0
giant step backward	0
watch your merchant ivory productions	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny	1
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
hate myself most mornings	0
guessing plot and an affectionate	1
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --	0
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ,	0
hungry-man portions of bad	0
playfully profound ... and	1
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	0
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	0
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
a retread story , bad writing , and	0
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
you love the music , and	1
potentially just as rewarding	1
a return to pure disney	1
not a classic ,	0
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie	0
the poor acting	0
at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
is as delightful	1
catch this imax offering	1
an all-time low for kevin costner	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension	1
to go around , with music and laughter	1
it does n't give a damn	0
perfectly serviceable and	1
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	1
grows monotonous	0
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be	1
have its charms	1
auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance	1
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
oddly compelling	1
insufferably tedious and turgid	0
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	0
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs	1
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely	0
never quite gel	0
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting	0
rodan is out of his league	0
looking for a return ticket	0
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	0
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
, this is even better than the fellowship .	1
dreadfully short	0
fun , popcorn movies	1
feels like a prison stretch	0
the most high-concept sci fi adventures	1
( and better	1
threadbare comic setups	0
like peace	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	1
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
does sound promising in theory	1
you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness	1
real bump-in - the-night chills	1
little wit	0
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
comedy ensemble	1
insanely dysfunctional	0
good deal	1
the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes	1
in tatters	0
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing	0
help but engage	1
while remaining true to his principles	1
slightly disappointed	0
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
the innocence	1
coordinated his own dv poetry	1
direction and especially charm	1
cheapen	0
plaintiveness	0
hiss	0
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich	1
one of the worst movies of one year	0
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation	1
neatly	1
a kick out of goofy brits	1
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas	1
imaginable	1
a stately sense	1
sharply comic	1
laden with plenty of baggage	0
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
an assurance worthy	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '	0
graceful , moving tribute	1
so incredibly inane	0
with enough unexpected twists	1
wicked black comedy	1
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	0
we never really get inside of them .	0
its cheesy screenplay	0
it 's too close to real life to make sense	0
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be	1
it can be a bit repetitive	0
has some problems	0
touching and	1
that has no point and goes nowhere	0
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective	1
the halloween series has lost its edge	0
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	0
the new film is a lame kiddie flick	0
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
, eisenstein delivers .	1
a pleasure to watch	1
it is also beautifully acted .	1
marshall keeps the energy humming ,	1
for the best	1
south korea 's future	1
a work of extraordinary journalism	1
respects	1
sensual	1
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material	0
ungainly movie	0
deeply satisfying	1
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand	0
with slow pacing	0
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
he seems embarrassed to be part of	0
is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt )	1
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	1
do n't see the point	0
best movie work	1
determined , ennui-hobbled slog	0
is all but useless	0
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
struggle furiously	0
hackery	0
has no clue about making a movie	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7	0
is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
are less than adorable	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work	0
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender ,	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	0
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
do n't say you were n't warned .	0
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors	0
from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
, this halloween is a gory slash-fest .	1
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer	1
that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice	0
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds	1
it is laughingly enjoyable	1
as a tribute	1
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
the ethereal beauty	1
a good simmer	1
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
just is n't a very involving one	0
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
's always disappointing	0
demons	0
's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	1
historically significant ,	1
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty	1
of the charm of satin rouge	1
is trite	0
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour	1
error	0
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp	0
if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this	0
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past	1
the beauty and power	1
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but	0
has a real filmmaker 's eye	1
the courage	1
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
worth a look as a curiosity .	1
for kids or their parents	1
not only is it hokey	0
exceptional	1
starts making water torture seem appealing	0
a preposterous , prurient whodunit	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington	1
tickled	1
wannabe	0
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
scenes so true and heartbreaking	1
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget	0
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all	0
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	0
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	1
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	0
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
impressive roster	1
an interested detachment	1
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying	1
are pretty valuable	1
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer	0
trailer-trash	0
could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and	1
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design	0
linking a halfwit plot	0
is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
lacks fellowship 's heart	0
predictable plotting and	0
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage	0
transcend genre	1
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours	1
virulent and foul-natured	0
bright and	1
visually sloppy	0
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
an inventive	1
every note rings false .	0
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy	1
does n't add up to much	0
gore for suspense .	0
well-made and	1
the honor	1
quirky and recessive charms	1
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	0
only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny	0
red lights , a rattling noise	0
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .	1
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	0
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why	1
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
, ` swept away ' sinks .	0
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
as clever	1
such confidence	1
as well-conceived as either of those films	1
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set	0
evokes a palpable sense	1
quirky , original	1
desperate	0
of a love affair	1
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
( l ) ame and unnecessary .	0
is almost in a class with that of wilde	1
rises )	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and	1
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide	1
a critical and commercial disaster	0
this forgettable effort	0
the high standards of performance	1
offers some flashy twists	1
unfunny comedy	0
familiar and insufficiently cathartic	0
a masterful work	1
sentimental cliches	0
upper teens may get cynical .	0
playful	1
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
whose meaning and	1
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	0
this pretentious mess	0
splashy and	1
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	1
ambitious ` what if	1
boorishness	0
all-star	1
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche	0
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces	0
this unique and entertaining twist	1
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending	1
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
bad cinema	0
indispensable	1
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .	0
a low-budget hybrid of scarface	0
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly	1
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	1
delights for adults	1
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction	0
cruelly funny	1
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
a durable part	1
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
this is the one .	1
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	0
bludgeoning the audience	0
ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
wise and elegiac ...	1
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed	0
-- not the first , by the way --	0
wilco fans will have a great time	1
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump	1
some good material	1
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	0
to cram earplugs	0
real turns	1
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground	0
may be a bit disjointed	0
much entertainment value	1
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy	1
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution .	1
's better than the phantom menace .	1
samuel l. jackson	1
derivative horror film	0
assured and stylish	1
cold light	0
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	0
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis	0
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names	0
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so	0
a bad imitation	0
makes all the difference	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and	0
traffics in tired stereotypes	0
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
a charmer	1
no good inside dope , and no particular bite	0
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	0
city by the sea swings from one	1
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .	0
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
of above the rest	1
the cast is impressive	1
maintains a cool distance	1
to seduce and conquer	1
come even easier .	1
of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
a rip-off of the matrix	0
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
into something provocative , rich , and strange	1
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
overstating	0
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary	1
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope :	1
wonderfully loopy tale	1
had their hearts in the right place	1
sheer joy and pride	1
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces	0
the thrills pop up frequently	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in ,	0
many moviegoers	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ,	1
fresh point	1
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future	1
unlikable characters and	0
uneven	0
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
spent watching this waste of time .	0
a warm , enveloping affection	1
evil	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register	0
even better than the first one	1
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories	1
a dull girl	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ,	1
me	1
neglects to add the magic that made it all work	0
the multi-layers of its characters	1
are gorgeous and finely detailed	1
without a conclusion or pay off	0
drown yourself in a lake	0
like quirky , slightly strange french films	1
special qualities	1
full of life and small delights	1
poor fit	0
bad sign	0
the ridiculous dialog or	0
directed with verve	1
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	0
of rich detail condensed	1
noyce 's greatest mistake	0
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment	1
by all means	1
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	1
witless and utterly pointless .	0
excellent cast	1
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
with one of france 's most inventive directors	1
seem smart and well-crafted	1
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
yields surprises .	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but	1
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
concept doofus	0
swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus	0
the slow parade	0
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing	1
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	1
watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
have at it	1
daring and beautifully made .	1
drowned me in boredom	0
for an eagerness	1
in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
propaganda film	0
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished	1
an exhausted , desiccated talent	0
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre	0
's far too sentimental	0
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards	1
editorial process	1
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	0
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -	0
but film buffs should get to know	1
linklater	0
an out of place metaphor	0
is n't	0
might be intolerable company	0
to easy jokes and insults	0
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	0
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen	0
, this is the most visually unappealing .	0
that was written down	0
walled-off	0
a great monster movie	1
tastelessness	0
about the best straight-up	1
blatantly biased	0
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
this picture	1
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
breathe out of every frame	1
's like a drive-by	0
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective	1
lady	1
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	0
with some fine acting	1
mesmerizing music	1
that memorable ,	1
noble endeavor	1
were worried	0
jar-jar binks : the movie	0
plotless ,	0
next to little insight	0
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
truly funny bits	1
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
of bland hollywood romance	0
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications	0
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
do n't think so	0
of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
soulful nuances	1
, two towers outdoes its spectacle .	1
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk	1
terrific film	1
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
insecure about its capacity	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece	1
the historical period and	1
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age	0
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships	1
is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side	1
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
small part thanks	1
been shot	0
excited that it has n't gone straight to video	1
as the mediterranean sparkles	1
of run-of-the-mill profanity	0
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	1
sex and lucia is so alluring	1
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
from a stunningly unoriginal premise	0
with the cliché-laden screenplay	0
deeply humanistic artist	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman	1
swiftly	1
has intentionally left college or was killed	0
several cliched movie structures : the road movie ,	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess	0
, his little changes ring hollow	0
a funny moment	1
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows	0
's good enough to be the purr	1
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets	0
innocent , childlike	1
's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break	0
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing	1
melodrama and	0
are woven together skilfully	1
more than recycled jock	0
too much power , not enough puff	0
're clueless and inept	0
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve	1
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it ,	0
hard to resist his enthusiasm	1
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ,	1
overlong documentary	0
del	1
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	0
funny bone	1
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
spectacularly ugly-looking	0
the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
show real heart	1
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events	0
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it	0
eager to please	1
the worst possibilities	0
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
to imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
is one of this year 's very best pictures	1
for all the wit and hoopla	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
, iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
feeling guilty for it	0
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	0
infidelity and	0
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting	0
remains mostly undeterminable	0
two fine actors ,	1
an engrossing story	1
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	0
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff	0
, sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
this story still seems timely and important .	1
ruined	0
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility	1
most notable	1
complicated characters	1
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque	0
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise	1
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	1
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour	0
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory	0
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just	1
will be lulled into a coma	0
less-is-more approach	1
overripe episode	0
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,	0
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
is quite a vision .	1
trade center tragedy	0
best of all	1
wear thin on all	0
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	1
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain	1
clear-eyed portrait	1
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again	1
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french	0
a sheer unbridled delight	1
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
intense political and psychological thriller	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience	0
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
astringent wit	1
to merely bad rather than painfully awful	0
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
chance to see three splendid actors	1
elevates the experience	1
has little clue	0
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	1
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
, uneventful	0
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
its courageousness ,	1
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down	0
is disappointingly generic	0
that malarkey	0
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back .	1
palpable chemistry	1
caliber	1
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
to be genuinely satisfying	1
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
fanciful ,	1
in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
come to earth	1
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
overcooked soufflé	0
a class with spike lee 's masterful	1
to courage and happiness	1
created such a vibrant , colorful world	1
provides a strong itch to explore more	1
muted freak-out	0
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
dislikable	0
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	0
answered	1
quite unengaging	0
the only thing scary about feardotcom	0
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film	0
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material	0
the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
in its crapulence	0
real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
never succeed in really rattling the viewer	0
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	0
want to smash its face in	0
wants to break free of her old life	1
is a little tired	0
a wonderful subject	1
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve	1
self-hatred and	0
an eventual cult classic	1
missing from this material	0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
to be affected and boring	0
1987	1
one helluva singer	1
terrible movie	0
its gentle , touching story	1
get out	0
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	0
, showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
bad-movie	0
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
a disaster of a drama	0
shines like a lonely beacon	1
sometimes tedious --	0
like trying to eat brussels sprouts	0
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens	0
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
gentle and engrossing character	1
goodwill	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying	0
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
nothing special	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy	1
odd purity	1
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	1
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
a frightful vanity film	0
is as serious as a pink slip .	0
an action/thriller of the finest kind	1
that you feel like running out screaming	0
has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,	1
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
the always hilarious meara	1
holiday box office pie	1
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
really bad blair witch project	0
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons	0
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	0
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	1
a lumbering load of hokum but	0
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism	0
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
are so generic	0
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	0
will not be for much longer	0
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .	1
carries us effortlessly	1
the potential success	1
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him	1
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
of humankind 's liberating ability	1
she can act	1
paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	1
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !	1
russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off	0
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	1
shining performance	1
funny look	1
is told as the truth	1
self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here	0
dull .	0
emotional heart	1
every visual joke is milked ,	0
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film	1
rich performances	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	1
fall to pieces	0
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
creative , energetic and original	1
enough innovation or pizazz	1
stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	0
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
is masterly	1
, moving	1
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	0
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring	0
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .	0
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news	0
an annoying orgy	0
irresistible package	1
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .	0
tear-jerking	1
the grandness	1
stupid , derivative horror film	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,	1
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	0
on the edge of your seat	1
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously	1
punchy dialogue	1
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	1
a major-league leading lady	1
uninventive	0
shaking your head all the way to the credits	0
pushed into the margins	0
posing as a real movie .	0
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category	1
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending	0
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time ,	1
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
incredibly irritating comedy	0
foul up shum 's good intentions .	0
a solid ,	1
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful	1
same love story	0
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue	1
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
its pulpy core conceit	0
pays earnest homage to turntablists	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	1
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
a great cast and a great idea	1
process of imparting knowledge .	1
love 's	1
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
but its just not a thrilling movie	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and	0
all the usual spielberg flair	1
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	0
the acting is amateurish	0
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	0
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs	1
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream	0
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable	1
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )	0
winking social commentary	1
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	0
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
, the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
sadly imitative of innumerable	0
better movie	1
` ron seal the deal	1
disguising this	0
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
it an above-average thriller	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	1
go see this delightful comedy .	1
had some success with documentaries	1
have potential	1
amusing and	1
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special ,	0
malcolm d. lee	1
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
so striking	1
promising	1
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .	0
portrayed with almost supernatural powers	1
all mood and no movie .	0
unholy mess	0
marvelously	1
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
enough moments to keep it entertaining	1
greenlight	1
fits into a classic genre	1
sweetness and vulnerability	1
the master of innuendo	1
moments of breathtaking mystery	1
one of the best films	1
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
ultimately insignificant	0
film lapses	0
with tremendous promise	1
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
phenomenal band	1
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	1
confined	0
most opaque , self-indulgent	0
it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	0
possible angle	1
retard	0
bargain-basement	0
one film	1
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker	1
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
a big time stinker	0
nothing about crime	0
refreshes the mind and spirit	1
under the weight of too many story lines	0
disgusting to begin with	0
have thought possible	1
obnoxious title character	0
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	1
the soulful gravity	1
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	0
thoughtful movie	1
modern art	1
of deft and subtle poetry	1
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	1
laborious	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping	0
lags badly	0
mired in a shabby script	0
belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay	0
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two	0
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard	0
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	0
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure	1
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	0
an original and highly cerebral examination	1
inspiring	1
dull , inconsistent , dishonest	0
its magic	1
is wondrously creative	1
to admit i walked out of runteldat	0
performances , great to look at , and funny	1
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	0
ensures the film never feels draggy .	1
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film	0
an interesting and at times captivating	1
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	1
has no point and	0
the dispassionate gantz brothers	0
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing	0
this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	1
that makes all the difference .	1
an unsympathetic character and someone	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years	1
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you	0
the most original american productions	1
of sexy intrigue	1
lost their movie mojo	0
you might as well be watching a rerun	0
can be fertile sources of humor	1
best film	1
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
accomplished and	1
solid formula	1
the action is stilted	0
leatherbound	1
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
it drags	0
deserves an oscar nomination .	1
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
committed	1
bring off this wild welsh whimsy	1
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
uplifting	1
that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
incompetent , incoherent or	0
educates viewers with words and pictures	1
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk	1
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching	0
deeply unpleasant experience	0
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	0
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome	1
christmas perennial	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	0
engaging and moving portrait	1
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
can feel the love	1
morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
contemporary	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,	0
a flawed but engrossing thriller	1
and drab wannabe	0
watch witherspoon 's talents	1
simple but absorbing	1
impenetrable and insufferable ball	0
300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
` best part ' of the movie	1
manufactured to claim street credibility	0
a tidal wave of plot	1
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	0
the best espionage picture	1
feels like a book report	0
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction	1
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
of the grief	0
you know it 's going to be a trip	1
good films	1
rock-solid little genre picture	1
is so warm and fuzzy	1
a woozy quality	0
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone	0
a distinguished film legacy	1
becomes lifeless and	0
endure instead of	0
pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
's definitely worth taking a look	1
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker	1
even non-techies can enjoy	1
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and	0
had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
that should bolster director and co-writer	1
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite :	1
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend	1
good-naturedness	1
to be intimate and socially encompassing	1
recent hollywood trip tripe	0
offering an original	1
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
a sleeper success	1
seem tired	0
color and creativity	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
transforms this story about love and culture	1
an ease	1
smug and convoluted	0
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny	0
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
more emotional force	1
cinematic corpse	0
a particularly amateurish episode	0
marvelous verdu	1
faithful	1
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults	0
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images	1
real masterpiece	1
smarter	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ,	1
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history	1
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...	0
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	1
mind-destroying	0
tattered	0
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	0
light-hearted profile	1
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette	1
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . '	0
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	0
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
stuffy , full of itself	0
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	1
of purpose or even a plot	0
certainly clever in spots	1
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ,	0
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	0
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary	0
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
surprises or delights	1
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and	1
a good alternative	1
uninspired scripts , acting and direction	0
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .	0
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	0
multilayered and sympathetic	1
pleasurable expressions	1
scenery , vibe and all	1
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	0
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	1
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
it does give exposure to some talented performers	1
do that is really funny	1
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
a stunning new young talent	1
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid	0
's really sad	0
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	1
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish	0
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances	1
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,	0
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	0
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
powerful and revelatory	1
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish	0
the marvelous verdu ,	1
a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
's most refreshing about real women have curves	1
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	0
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
perpetually wasted	0
particular interest	1
how to win the battle	1
it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
little vidgame pit	0
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness	0
is driven by appealing leads	1
create something original	1
is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance	0
par with the first one	1
and pretentious endeavor	0
a light-hearted way the romantic problems	1
should have stayed there	0
easily forgotten	0
good sources ,	1
become a household name	1
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy	1
sweetness and	1
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .	0
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend	1
dripping with cliche and	0
works so well	1
a delightful lark	1
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer	1
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived	1
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
's an unhappy situation	0
delightful comedy	1
musicals back 40 years	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	1
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
a must	1
the movie is brilliant , really .	1
no denying the power of polanski 's film	1
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied	1
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing	0
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	1
energy and innovation	1
accomplished and richly resonant work .	1
for everyone	1
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .	1
sappy script	0
with poetic force and buoyant feeling	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
you 're not deeply touched by this movie	0
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
deep deceptions	0
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	0
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
of thoughtful war films and those	1
solo	1
hackneyed elements	0
after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock	0
oscar-worthy performance	1
all the loss	0
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
pretentious ,	0
a strangely tempting bouquet	1
iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
foster and whitaker are especially fine .	1
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .	1
esteemed writer-actor	1
a solid , unassuming drama	1
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	0
utterly static picture	0
the real triumphs in igby	1
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat	0
( a ) strong piece of work	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography	1
nothing i had n't already seen .	0
pure misogynist evil	0
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	1
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	1
childish things	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert	1
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .	0
it 's a sit down and ponder affair	1
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
made by a proper , middle-aged woman .	1
intense and	1
a remarkably original work	1
the way	1
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	1
of vampire fun	1
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever	0
monstrous	0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts	1
cold	0
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense	0
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	0
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching	1
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	1
several strong performances	1
lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention	0
's no art here	0
his passion	1
low , very low , very	0
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths	1
does little here	0
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid	0
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
as good	1
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and	1
to enjoy for a lifetime	1
mystical	1
are simply too bland to be interesting	0
on action	1
may not always work	0
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel	0
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
slow , predictable and not very amusing	0
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre	1
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
that the highest power of all is the power of love	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary	0
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
just lapses into unhidden british	0
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent	1
one very funny joke and	1
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film	1
there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again	1
sometimes confusing	0
develop her own film language	1
ranks as the most original in years	1
of dead-end distaste	0
does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan .	1
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	0
complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
get you	1
sandler	1
pull his head out of his butt	0
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone	1
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	1
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
failing to find a spark of its own	0
is your film .	1
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
is derivative	0
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother	1
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ,	0
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda	0
this is a movie full of grace	1
generates little narrative momentum ,	0
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	1
to rank with its worthy predecessors	1
elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	1
outdoes its spectacle	1
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax	1
is as generic as its title	0
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
ecological	1
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	0
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
unusually tame	0
liking showgirls	1
relies on more than special effects	1
flat , unconvincing	0
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
's no energy .	0
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro	0
the actors make this worth a peek .	1
the superficial way it deals with its story	0
of enthralling drama	1
are entertaining and audacious moments	1
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .	0
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	0
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring	1
a hundred of them can be numbing	0
its personable , amusing cast	1
simpler , leaner	1
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and	1
cry for your money back	0
unflinching and objective look	1
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population	0
that kidman has become one of our best actors	1
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ,	0
constantly touching , surprisingly funny	1
inspired ''	1
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio	0
appeared in 1938	1
satisfies with its moving story	1
an earnest , roughshod document	1
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
witty dialogue and inventive moments	1
confusing	0
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and	0
go see this delightful comedy	1
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	0
as scary-funny as tremors	1
worse ,	0
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation	1
, sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
, human moments	1
the most severe kind	0
the charisma and ability	1
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video ,	0
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
listless sci-fi comedy	0
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	1
little visible talent and	0
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
blacked out	0
with the titillating material	1
will eat up like so much gelati	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ...	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	1
golden	1
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride	1
quite simply , should n't have been made	0
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
in the spirit of the season	1
picture that does not move	0
of smart jokes	1
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
rather leaden and dull	0
, its shortness disappoints	0
salvation	1
writing and slack direction	0
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but	1
we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	1
an arcane area of popular culture	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches ,	0
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty	1
most entertaining bonds	1
black urban professionals	0
is , quite pointedly ,	1
lust	1
one terrific score	1
comedy spectacle	1
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
to give them credit for : the message of the movie	1
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun	1
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	0
the only surprise	0
well-wrought story	1
moronic	0
, you know there 's something there .	1
into a deadly bore	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .	0
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had	0
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy	1
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	0
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in	0
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects	0
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	0
such a stultifying	0
lacking a depth	0
smart , compelling	1
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
a voice for a pop-cyber culture	1
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains	1
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy	0
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
deep-seated , emotional	1
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
the tiresome rant	0
action-packed an experience	1
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience	1
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming	0
bad company .	0
weird	0
are actually releasing it into theaters	0
existential suffering	0
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares	0
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day	0
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career	0
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	0
a cutesy romantic tale	1
layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
the hours , a delicately crafted film ,	1
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them	1
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
a weirdly beautiful place	1
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	0
they are having so much fun	1
the best case	1
electrocute and dismember	0
detached	0
has much to recommend it ,	1
far less endearing	0
fails to rise above its disgusting source material	0
visually and thematically	1
talented	1
dazzling conceptual feat	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality	1
, retro uplifter .	1
will find it more than capable of rewarding them	1
feel-good family comedy	1
needing other people	0
a perceptive , good-natured movie .	1
, witty and beneath	1
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
does its best	1
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency	1
better characters ,	1
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy	1
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	1
it 's worth yet another visit	1
not only better than its predecessor	1
no organic intrigue	0
he does display an original talent	1
doze off	0
it should pay reparations to viewers .	0
watered down	0
positively thrilling combination	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness	1
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	1
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	0
a moving and important film .	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue	0
to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
it 's soulful and unslick	1
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	0
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
this illuminating comedy	1
short of profound characterizations	1
that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
so many red herrings , so many false scares ,	0
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	0
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if	0
a flood of emotion	1
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	1
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation	0
a dungpile	0
invite	1
is well crafted , and well executed .	1
in full consciousness	1
of strung-together tv episodes	0
did they not	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ,	1
who normally could n't care less	0
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	0
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or	1
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff	0
handsome and	1
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist	1
new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
tasty and sweet	1
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	1
polished , well-structured film .	1
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,	1
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
and uninspired .	0
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	1
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
inescapable absurdities	0
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	0
too easy	0
have required genuine acting from ms. spears	1
a painful lie	0
horrendously	0
of happy	1
laughed throughout the movie	1
all its effective moments	1
break up	0
children 's ' song	1
, bile , and irony	0
do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ,	1
likeable	1
makes a better travelogue than movie .	0
grow boring	0
scarcely worth a mention	0
pretty funny movie	1
much about the film , including some of its casting ,	1
elegantly produced	1
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug	1
toss logic and science	0
an action icon	1
too sappy for its own good .	0
leaves something to be desired	0
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships	0
greatest natural sportsmen	1
enjoying	1
was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be	1
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
is far from disappointing , offering an original	1
just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	0
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
if you love him , you 'll like it .	1
at ninety minutes , it drags	0
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness	0
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .	0
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks	1
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
intellectual masterpieces	1
cheesy b-movie playing	0
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	1
with passion and energy	1
's rare	1
uncompromising , difficult and	0
added clout to this doc	1
is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be	1
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work	0
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing	0
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something	1
is an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
gutsy and perfectly	1
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor	1
straightforward and	1
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	0
the film is well-intentioned	1
delivers the same old bad trip	0
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	1
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny	0
's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career	1
the sum	1
of liveliness	1
` wow ' factor	1
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	1
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	1
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
cleaner	1
paid enough to sit through crap like this	0
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films	1
uni-dimensional	0
is silly but strangely believable	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love	1
that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
hefty thematic material	1
there are for children and dog lovers	1
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	1
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	0
is god	1
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	1
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie	0
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	1
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures	0
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english	1
creative composure	1
a great saturday night live sketch	1
as beautiful , desirable ,	1
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
barely shocking , barely interesting	0
an art film	1
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson	1
'll buy the soundtrack .	1
is so bleak	0
big , tender hug	1
reef	1
consider it ` perfection	1
relatively nothing	0
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	0
it 's a fantastic movie	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ,	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ...	1
from oscar-winning master	1
becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
until things fall apart	0
a choppy , surface-effect feeling	0
naipaul original	1
deliver remarkable performances	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but	0
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king	0
answered yes , by all means	1
amuses	1
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	0
love the piano teacher	1
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery	0
a date	1
far more appealing	1
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong	0
very experienced	1
has a solid emotional impact .	1
released in imax format	1
inescapable past and uncertain future	0
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
worst movies	0
there 's no place for this story to go but down	0
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;	0
is n't world championship material	0
but only among those who are drying out from spring break	0
at the peak of their powers	1
likely to seduce and conquer	1
foolish choices	0
be white-knuckled and unable to look away	1
is the heart and soul of cinema	1
are tops	1
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
's worth taking the kids to	1
from a bad clive barker movie	0
realized through clever makeup design	1
stupid and	0
his subject justice	1
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale	0
it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	0
, super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
the plot almost arbitrary	0
is bright and flashy	1
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming	1
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	0
written , flatly ,	0
that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing	0
of all ages	1
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
loses what made you love it	0
amoral assassin	0
finds its humor	1
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
most breezy movie steven spielberg	1
a party worth attending	1
a sick and evil woman	0
you still have to see this !	1
had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny	0
strays	0
well wrought	1
the best irish sense	1
insightful	1
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	0
explode obnoxiously	0
is authentic to the core of his being	1
writing , skewed characters	0
jeff 's ) gorgeous	1
sad	0
remarkably accessible and haunting	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city	1
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce	0
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances	1
sometimes improbable	0
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise	1
soulful , scathing and	1
miserable	0
offers no new insight on the matter	0
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen	0
grant is certainly amusing ,	1
noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill	1
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony	0
leave you wanting more	1
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight	0
full of life and small delights --	1
with calamity	0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation	0
of fun	1
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...	0
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise	1
buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free	0
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .	1
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much	0
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker	0
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and	1
trying to be more complex than your average film	1
highly uneven and	0
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	1
storytelling feels slight .	0
everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
chokes on .	0
wow	1
an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson	1
amounts to little more than punishment	0
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
fully engaged supporting cast	1
rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book	1
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
well-done	1
intricate magic	1
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent	1
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
) homage	1
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have	0
cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
to visit , this laboratory of laughter	1
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually	1
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	1
lets the pictures do the punching	1
a party-hearty teen	1
to great artistic significance	1
a classical actress	1
more trifle than triumph	0
a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .	0
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons	1
have fun with it	1
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film	1
highly studied	1
good noir	1
dysfunctional	0
payne has created a beautiful canvas	1
creative	1
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet	1
execrable .	0
emotional misery	0
virtuoso throat-singing	1
smug or sanctimonious	0
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters	0
have been kind enough to share it	1
serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	0
vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ,	1
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
witch project real-time roots	1
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
did n't find much fascination in the swinging	0
movie-of-the-week	1
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	0
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
charming but slight	1
exciting	1
of embarrassment	0
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
actually amusing	1
already tired	0
much like a fragment of an underdone potato	0
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
should be interesting	1
beautifully shot	1
the plot grows thin soon ,	0
to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
the folks who prepare	1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .	1
funny stuff in this movie	1
completely loveable	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but	0
organic intrigue	1
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk ,	1
its creator 's comic voice	1
around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's	1
yet surprisingly entertaining	1
in any way demeaning its subjects	0
by a natural sense for what works	1
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
amnesiac	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing	1
poor hermocrates and leontine	0
give-me-an-oscar	1
to be cherished	1
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,	1
gives human nature its unique feel	1
winning actor	1
takes off in totally unexpected directions and	1
in its characterizations	1
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
hell	0
surprisingly charming and even witty match	1
catapulting the artist	1
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
tenderness	1
scary and sad	0
could young romantics out on a date	1
deserves an oscar nomination	1
it fails	0
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio --	1
does n't cut it	0
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever	1
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ,	1
that never catches fire	0
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes	0
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
very difficult	0
strip it of all its excess debris ,	0
raunchy and frequently hilarious	1
the bad guys	0
delicate coming-of-age tale	1
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments	1
is rote work and predictable ,	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	1
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
the cheesiest	0
become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
the paper-thin characterizations and	0
particular talents	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	0
avoids the obvious	0
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes	0
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary	0
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	1
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	1
visually striking	1
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production	0
the best star trek movie	1
a rating of zero	0
bombastic and ultimately empty	0
a small gem from belgium .	1
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
to top form	1
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ,	1
is a treat	1
every faltering half-step	0
without being insightful	0
joys in our lives	1
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
endearing and	1
is n't something to be taken seriously	0
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
the compelling historical tale	1
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	1
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
funny fanatics	1
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	1
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed	1
in eye-popping visuals	1
of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
are bad	0
a slap-happy mood	1
close to real life	1
most memorable	1
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte	1
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special	1
at least a few good ideas	1
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	0
broad racial insensitivity	0
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
enjoyment	1
me a lot of memento	1
stale plot and pornographic way	0
all excited about a chocolate eclair	1
illustrated by a winning family story	1
because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
brash , intelligent and	1
one of the great films about movie love	1
the brutality	0
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner	1
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age	0
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
vital	1
definitely a step in the right direction	1
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it	0
a touching , small-scale story	1
a tasty performance from vincent gallo	1
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story	1
the next a turgid drama	0
stitched together from stock situations and characters	0
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
an awfully good , achingly human picture	1
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage	0
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
desperately wishing you could change tables	0
a one-trick pony	0
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
smack of a film school undergrad	0
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	0
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	0
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
juicy soap opera	1
family fundamentals gets you riled up	1
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	1
offers escapism	1
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre	1
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
the full monty , but a really strong second effort	1
, duty and friendship	1
shorter than britney 's cutoffs	0
has at least one more story to tell : his own	1
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn	1
more accurate than anything	1
splendidly	1
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	0
more simply intrusive	0
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story	1
the piece works	1
and murky cinematography	0
plenty to enjoy	1
her fearlessness	1
right-thinking ' films	1
takes no apparent joy	0
brave , uninhibited performances	1
friendship , love , and	1
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion	1
enthusiastic audience	1
an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow	1
bad people	0
a great team	1
preposterous	0
fact , even better	1
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director	1
are quite admirable	1
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
a complete waste	0
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear	1
worst sin	0
super-stupid	0
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
so horrendously confusing	0
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	1
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	0
unimaginative and derivative	0
left me behind	0
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .	0
, and among the best films of the year .	1
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
just bring on the battle bots , please !	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	1
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .	0
peaked	1
no chemistry or	0
fails to provoke them .	0
wanted to leave .	0
vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
seems worth the effort	1
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	1
a movie is more than a movie .	1
gentle and engrossing	1
has a bigger-name cast	1
what results is the best performance from either in years	1
comedy death	0
egocentricities	0
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them	1
the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose	1
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form	1
the precision of the insurance actuary	1
gorgeous piano	1
new insight	1
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics	1
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché	0
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
feels homogenized and a bit contrived ,	0
smart , steamy mix	1
often pointless	0
soulful gravity	1
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk	1
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
the knee-jerk misogyny	0
does cathartic truth telling	1
so much leniency	0
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director	1
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold	0
warmth and gentle humor	1
for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus	1
it look as though they are having so much fun	1
make a hip comedy	1
for a breath of fresh air now and then	1
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance	1
at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing	1
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers	1
whiny pouty-lipped poof	0
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	0
normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad	0
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
a wonder	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ...	0
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	1
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence	1
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes	1
his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
it 's too long and unfocused .	0
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	1
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
quiet family drama	1
it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .	0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
make trouble	0
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
the always hilarious meara and	1
horrors !	0
spirals downward	0
, the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
each one of these people stand out	1
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama	1
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league	0
that 's better than its predecessor	1
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	0
maddeningly insistent and repetitive	0
like ravel 's bolero	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	0
a smashing success	1
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
you 're in a slap-happy mood	1
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
that graze the funny bone	1
easy , seductive pacing	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	1
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
had a lot of problems with this movie	0
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	1
put on an intoxicating show	1
very charming and funny	1
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery	1
confusing melange	0
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
contemplative , and	1
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
it 's far tamer than advertised	0
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	0
wow	1
jaded	0
an affectionately goofy satire	1
inexcusable dumb	0
a side dish no one ordered	0
my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
even lazier	0
earlier copycat under siege	0
the richness	1
their story is predictable	0
poignant and moving	1
handled with intelligence and care	1
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	0
resistance and artistic transcendence	1
to go down with a ship as leaky as this	0
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic	1
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show	0
dark to be decipherable	0
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
by drawing me into the picture	1
disoriented	0
's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
film legacy	1
significantly different ( and better )	1
ca n't help but feel ` stoked .	1
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --	1
the comic elements of the premise ,	1
enriched	1
all too familiar	0
remarkably unpretentious	1
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
for whom she shows little understanding	0
bore most audiences	0
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
a visually compelling one	1
been exhausted by documentarians	0
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	0
a moving and weighty depiction	1
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	0
're struggling to create .	0
a fun adventure movie	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man	1
is the sense that peace is possible	1
its empty head	0
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
's boring	0
peace is possible	1
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	0
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications	1
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original	0
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book	0
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery	0
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
display greatness	1
stunning images and effects	1
hollywood magic	1
, sometimes funny	1
whose achievements -- and complexities --	1
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	1
baffled the folks in the marketing department	0
was chuckling at all the wrong times	0
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
a silly hack-and-slash flick	0
of heart and unsettling subject matter	1
moron	0
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously	0
all the hallmarks of a movie	1
's this rich and luscious	1
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	1
insightful moments .	1
ace ventura ' rip-off	0
of the best films	1
unimaginatively foul-mouthed	0
humor , warmth	1
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look	1
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
true inspiration	1
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
of stunning images and effects	1
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
reassures	1
the raw comic energy	1
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	0
wonder of wonders --	1
the brilliance of animal house	1
warm up to	1
corniest	0
by the most random of chances	0
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	0
befallen	0
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '	0
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	1
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	0
because it aims so low	0
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and	1
some laughs and	1
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy	0
's also disappointing to a certain degree .	0
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
byron and luther	1
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
compelling historical tale	1
stale gags	0
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	0
not-very-funny	0
some intelligent observations	1
aware of his own coolness	1
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	1
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood ,	0
will most likely doze off during this one .	0
emotionally strong and politically potent piece	1
, you 're a jet all the way	1
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .	1
got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation	1
musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
the 1980s	0
an excellent 90-minute film	1
known as ' a perfect family film	1
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
a vastly improved germanic version	1
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
cliche with little new added .	0
you must shoot it in the head	0
the best script	1
bad behavior	0
unmentionable	0
more fun than conan the barbarian	1
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
inter-species	1
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
fully formed and remarkably assured	1
fast-moving	1
that shows what great cinema can really do	1
that the answer is as conventional as can be	0
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' )	1
frustrates and captivates	1
poor acting	0
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute	1
a rather listless amble	0
to stop watching	0
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it	0
is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
a few good ideas	1
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
superficial humor	0
excite	1
contrived situations	0
thoughtful examination	1
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale	0
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
not a hollywood product	0
striking a blow for artistic integrity	1
a complete mess	0
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
much more successful translation	1
remarkable	1
pull it back	0
genuinely funny jokes	1
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	0
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards	1
's as entertaining as it is instructive	1
resonant	1
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
the film is visually dazzling ,	1
, unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
adventurous young talent	1
sticky and unsatisfied	0
would be very sweet indeed	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly	1
that , in itself , is extraordinary .	1
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	1
a tough pill to swallow	0
you thought was going to be really awful	0
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	1
the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	0
extraordinary debut from josh koury .	1
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical	0
natural sportsmen	1
spirit	1
ultimately life-affirming	1
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
and powerful documentary	1
an absolute joy	1
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	1
junkie	0
the film has a terrific look	1
waste their time	0
often contradictory	0
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
are both superb ,	1
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell	0
a feel-good movie	1
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter	0
laugh	1
the criminal world	0
slimed	0
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this	0
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
its one good idea	1
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation	1
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
vibrant , colorful , semimusical	1
wonderfully speculative	1
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	0
far-flung , illogical	0
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama	1
distracting	0
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
as graceful	1
as happy listening to movies	1
can trust	1
bad luck	0
might want to check it out	1
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
though a morbid one	0
with real thematic heft	1
a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas	0
i liked about schmidt a lot ,	1
added disdain	0
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway	1
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side	0
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
how	1
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	1
droning house music	0
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before	0
fourth feature	1
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	1
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
it also rocks .	1
than julie taymor 's preposterous titus	0
eye-catching	1
a muted freak-out	0
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
you 're almost dozing	0
one-trick pony	0
too straight-faced	0
a meditation on faith and madness	1
with a sensitivity	1
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel	0
an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
discomfort	0
has a solid emotional impact	1
something provocative	1
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks	1
any film more challenging or depressing	0
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul ,	0
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	1
several uninteresting , unlikeable people	0
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,	0
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .	0
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary	1
the worst sense	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated ,	0
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
a chilling tale	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ...	1
of his character	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and	1
winning story	1
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ...	1
one-dimensional	0
a provocative piece of work	1
the funnier movies	1
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic	0
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation	0
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
a fun	1
available	1
what he 's already done way too often	0
completely honest	1
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	1
lame musketeer	0
i bought this movie	1
sexy , funny and touching .	1
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
film that will enthrall the whole family	1
return to form for director peter bogdanovich	1
forgets to make it entertaining	0
passionately	1
confident filmmaking and	1
of its pretensions	0
about kicking undead ***	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast	0
a great companion piece	1
best way	1
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
, compelling	1
too many conflicts	0
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ,	1
tiring than anything	0
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like	0
a tired , talky feel	0
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
excellent sequel .	1
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be	0
an athlete , a movie star	1
fine-looking film	1
she loves them to pieces	1
too many story lines	0
dumped	0
of these young women	1
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career	0
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper	1
virtually impossible	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few	0
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
glib	0
a great director at the helm	1
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
overall feelings , broader ideas	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,	0
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	1
enjoy the new guy .	1
a-list brit actors	1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust	1
often surprising	1
banal bore	0
that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame	0
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
, quirky , original	1
unmemorable filler .	0
arduous	0
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess	0
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	0
been remarkable	1
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .	1
too amateurish	0
which ones shtick	0
does a disservice	0
scott 's convincing portrayal	1
be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie	0
a charmer	1
this film biggest problem ?	0
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
are so old-fashioned	0
there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking	1
finally revel in its splendor	1
excellent performances	1
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time	0
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise	1
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	1
honestly	1
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	0
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist	1
hit on a 15-year old	0
a provocative	1
are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects	1
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill	1
the best of herzog 's works	1
cesspool	0
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .	0
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
purpose	1
consistently funny .	1
undemanding armchair tourists	0
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	0
fresh and	1
slack execution	0
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
has an infectious enthusiasm	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but	1
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ...	1
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks	0
, achingly human	1
was n't one of the film 's virtues	0
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist	1
yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	1
loneliness and desperate grandiosity	0
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not	0
the year selection	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and	1
washed out	0
, and larded with exposition	0
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close	1
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set	1
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions	0
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	0
carries us effortlessly from darkness	1
jeffrey tambor 's	1
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction	0
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	0
principled	1
at its cluelessness	0
is an inspirational love story ,	1
a fine effort ,	1
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished	1
it 's pauly shore awful .	0
the year 's greatest adventure	1
resembling humor	1
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ,	1
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	0
is well	1
unhurried narrative	1
( cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
something a little more special behind it	1
give all three stories life	1
will please eastwood 's loyal fans --	1
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
fascinating , unnerving examination	1
poetic , heartbreaking	1
walk to remember ''	1
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
of the most exciting action films	1
an artistry that also smacks of revelation	1
rushed , slapdash	0
rumblings	0
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn	0
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great	0
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
, the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
has usually	1
piercing intellect	1
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	1
good thing	1
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	0
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time	1
one good idea	1
a powerful entity	1
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .	0
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
stock clichés	0
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	0
dozens of bad guys	0
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup	0
few early laughs	1
open windows	1
quiet , introspective and entertaining	1
of spectacular belly flops	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
fascinating experiment	1
, it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
absurdities	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy	0
utter mush ... conceited pap	0
canny crowd pleaser	1
stunningly	1
seven rip-off	0
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ,	0
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative	1
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	0
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
the three leads produce adequate performances ,	1
in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	0
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	0
invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	1
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
colorful , dramatized pbs program	1
the acting is fine but	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''	0
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme	1
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .	1
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
plucking tension from quiet	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and	0
successful adaptation	1
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
in this elegant entertainment	1
no , even that 's too committed .	0
have stayed there	1
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .	1
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .	0
the film grows on you .	1
the choppy editing	0
sloppily written	0
does probably as good a job as anyone	1
of a sleeper success	1
watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs	0
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	0
the genre and another first-rate performance	1
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
effective in all its aspects	1
change the channel	0
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre	0
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	1
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill	1
transformed star	1
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	0
clumsily	0
coherent	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
rape and	0
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book	0
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances	1
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is	0
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched	1
pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice	0
its flaws	0
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	0
require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
well-done supernatural thriller	1
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
is nonexistent .	0
pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
, brash and mainly unfunny	0
energetic , violent movie	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther	1
of that	1
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution	1
delightfully rendered	1
that is slow to those of us in middle age	0
a flat script and a low budget	0
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	1
fits the bill	1
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	1
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget	1
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	0
its story just is n't worth telling	0
's willing to express his convictions	1
where nothing 's happening	0
that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family	1
do n't have a clue on the park	0
he fails .	0
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo	1
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters -	1
irritates and saddens me	0
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and	0
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance	1
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad	0
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .	1
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	0
the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ,	0
reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	1
intoxicating	1
's nowhere near as good as the original	0
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
death	0
there 's a heaven for bad movies	0
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
, credible	1
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
more chillingly effective	1
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and	0
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
his characters stage	1
articulate , grown-up voice	1
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento '	1
adultery	0
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story	0
for blade ii	1
parker displays in freshening the play	1
beautiful film	1
replaced by goth goofiness	0
falls apart	0
that real natural , even-flowing tone	1
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative	1
sort of amazing	1
, you still have to see this !	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue	1
the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
an unimaginative screenwriter 's	0
a detailed personal portrait	1
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	1
the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
handsome widescreen photography	1
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .	1
movie sputters	0
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
a good way	1
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
the far superior film	1
intriguing subject	1
steers refreshingly clear	1
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	0
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe	0
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	1
often funny	1
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
so vivid	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds	1
propels	1
, told well by a master storyteller	1
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	1
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	0
of a cesspool	0
passionate and	1
there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	0
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
a flat , unconvincing drama	0
in tired stereotypes	0
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours	1
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
lagging	0
the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise	0
slopped	0
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
bland songs	0
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
poorly structured	0
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material	0
at least three dull plots	0
falls flat	0
solid action pic	1
comic possibilities	1
unsophisticated	0
a tendency to sag in certain places	0
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or	0
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
the poor quality of pokemon 4	0
filmmakers and performers of this calibre	1
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	0
the story 's pathetic and	0
astonishingly condescending	0
that actually has a brain	1
cynicism	0
more problematic aspects	0
she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
recommend the film	1
less funny	0
he has no clue about making a movie	0
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	1
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
neat	1
little excitement	0
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy	0
for sure	1
my loved ones	1
thinking someone made off with your wallet	0
is one that should be thrown back in the river	0
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and	1
misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece	1
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
be forgettable	0
life-affirming moments	1
the heart-pounding suspense	1
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it	0
yet permits laughter	1
a physique to match	1
the subject with fondness and respect	1
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	1
brilliantly constructed work .	1
finely cut diamond	1
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers ,	0
living harmoniously	1
distinguishable	1
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
tolerance and diversity	1
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
a cruelly funny twist	1
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage	0
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved	0
love in remembrance	1
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
of dazzling entertainment	1
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
the gallic ` tradition of quality	1
brilliantly	1
tired tyco ad	0
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés	0
the suspense never rises to a higher level	0
is sordid and disgusting .	0
the extreme generation '	1
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash	0
good chance	1
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment	1
extravagantly redeems it	1
particularly joyless , and	0
bland , obnoxious 88-minute	0
of characters in this picture	1
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start	1
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	0
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	1
tight and truthful	1
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
itself is about something very interesting and odd that	1
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst	1
powerhouse	1
masochistic	0
all ca n't stand	0
colorfully	1
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
obnoxious and didactic burlesque	0
riveting power and sadness	1
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films	1
takes form	1
the dull	0
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies	1
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	0
their bodies	1
, absurd ,	0
the film is extremely thorough .	1
she might not make for a while	0
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché	0
a greater attention	1
into a smart new comedy	1
that deserves a chance to shine	1
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
is even better than the fellowship	1
, funny , and even touching	1
considerable skill and determination ,	1
of its provocative conclusion	1
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
sour	0
this schlocky horror/action hybrid	0
b +	1
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
bad soap opera	0
super	1
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
genuinely enthusiastic performances	1
is the most disappointing woody allen movie	0
quietly vulnerable	1
the thematic ironies are too obvious	0
few cheap shocks	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact	0
overdone	0
never feels derivative	1
debilitating	0
completely awful iranian drama	0
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
the action is dazzling	1
wickedly undramatic	0
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
laid-back good spirits	1
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ;	0
in the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory	1
that falls far short	0
dishonesty	0
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .	0
lacks the inspiration of the original and	0
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	0
about ten	1
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	0
scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph	1
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable	1
watered-down	0
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	0
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	1
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	1
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
that movie nothing	0
deliver remarkable performances .	1
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day	1
ambitious	1
elvira fans	1
its awkward structure	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ,	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time	1
as we	1
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing	1
run out of gas	0
a really cool bit --	1
as appalling as any ` comedy '	0
a plethora of engaging diatribes	1
much about the film , including some of its casting	1
lucratively	1
at lengthy dialogue scenes	0
holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
're not merely watching history	1
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	0
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies	1
the real thing	1
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights	0
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably	0
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess	0
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
sumptuous	1
, it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
beats new life into it	1
appreciate	1
closed	1
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
living hell	0
cuaron repeatedly	0
is charming	1
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film	0
grace	1
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals	0
suffocating	0
the heart of the film	1
a way of seeping into your consciousness	1
fine idea	1
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	1
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
appreciation of the daily	1
has no reason to exist	0
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend	1
large-scale	1
full advantage	1
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
with pitifully few real laughs	0
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	1
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ,	0
, grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	1
a pair of fascinating performances	1
share no chemistry or engaging charisma	0
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past	1
quirkily appealing minor movie	1
more valuable	1
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything	0
's an unhappy situation all around .	0
nearly epic	1
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
profound without ever being self-important	1
predictable storyline and	0
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary	1
all in all , a great party	1
the story is bogus	0
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story	1
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	0
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	0
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
congrats disney on a job	1
on a potentially interesting idea	1
a pretty funny movie	1
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
what to make of this italian freakshow	0
bold choices	1
decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
pertinent and enduring	1
stultifying	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but	1
takes your breath	1
squeeze a few laughs	1
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	0
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
dusty	0
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces	1
painfully	0
great films	1
a little scattered	0
calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side	1
its surprises limp	0
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
visually ravishing	1
a great companion piece to other napoleon films	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling	0
written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit	1
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
use a few good laughs	1
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
joyous occasion	1
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
a can of 2-day old coke	0
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction	1
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
great for the kids	1
outstanding originality	1
's not enough substance	0
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying	1
by a noticeable lack of pace	0
weary	0
alternating with lots of sloppiness	0
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
some movie star charisma	1
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some	1
a masterfully	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	0
blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
style and empathy	1
of a good vampire tale	1
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	1
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
a bad premise ,	0
even less capable	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	0
things will turn out	1
dying and going	0
, unimaginative and derivative	0
tv	1
find a spark of its own	1
refreshingly realistic ,	1
it 's compelling	1
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
a film that relies on personal relationships	1
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
feels familiar and tired .	0
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it	1
an interesting look	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ;	0
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
to its great credit	1
rip off that we were aware of	0
a real movie	1
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	1
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
human moments	1
the actors are simply too good , and	1
classic cinema	1
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .	0
unabashedly hopeful	1
wooden dialogue	0
a visually masterful work	1
a lingering creepiness one	0
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
it is n't scary .	0
sketches	1
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
a dream	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	1
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
a slight but sweet film .	1
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and	1
a delightful , if minor , pastry	1
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain --	0
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
it 's no lie	1
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	1
its impressive images	1
reassures us	1
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	1
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	0
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore	0
spider-man	1
are simply dazzling	1
got me grinning .	1
won my heart	1
robbed and replaced	0
crowd-pleasing goals	1
lost in the translation this time	0
to the nonconformist in us all	1
my least favorite emotions ,	0
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free	1
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve	0
cheap hysterics	0
elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
a tough pill to swallow and	0
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over	1
bravura	1
done his subject justice	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story	0
the none-too-original premise	0
of exploiting molestation for laughs	0
mind and spirit	1
low-rent -- and even lower-wit --	0
the jokes are flat	0
a dearth	1
sometimes murky	0
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
smug and convoluted action-comedy that	0
take pleasure	1
gedeck	1
yields surprises	1
that is worthy of our respect	1
i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
has many of the things that made the first one charming	1
of film entertainment	1
is to be mesmerised	1
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,	0
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing	0
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	1
outright newness	1
humor and heart	1
succumbing to its own bathos	0
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .	1
shoddy	0
a funny , puzzling movie	1
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides	1
is cool .	1
felt performances across the board .	1
is n't even halfway	0
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	0
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle	1
, and intelligence	1
big fat liar is a real charmer	1
half-assed	0
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished	1
most offensive	0
lacking any sense of commitment to	0
misses	0
too predictable	0
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
feels derivative	0
outrageous , ingenious	1
recycled plot	0
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	0
's splash without the jokes .	0
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	1
the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
your interest , your imagination , your empathy	1
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	1
its own brilliance	1
substantive	1
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .	0
a supremely kittenish performance	1
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals	1
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	1
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny	1
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
great idea	1
rhetoric and cliché	0
a spectacular completion one	1
this woefully hackneyed movie	0
humorous and touching	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	0
to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
add	1
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	0
simple , sweet and romantic	1
falls into the trap of pretention	0
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation	1
flatter it	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
the best films of the year	1
completely satisfying	1
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	0
a smart and funny	1
emaciated flick	0
originality ai n't on the menu ,	0
insomnia is one of the year 's best films	1
the utter authority of a genre gem	1
actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
sustain interest to the end	1
... a rather bland affair .	0
steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching	1
our close ties with animals	1
invigorating	1
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic	0
life 's ultimate losers	0
and plastic knickknacks	0
spirit 's visual imagination	1
... that the material is so second-rate .	0
in a big way	1
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	1
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	0
watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
best performance	1
raucously amusing	1
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
idiosyncratic humor	1
sun-drenched masterpiece	1
like their characters	1
powerful and	1
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story	1
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers	0
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
what 's next ?	1
stands out	1
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate	1
ugly and destructive little ****	0
far the worst movie of the year	0
inquisitive	1
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy	0
wretchedly	0
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action	0
air conditioning and popcorn	1
a finely tuned mood	1
in a movie this bad	0
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's	1
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
spirit-crushing ennui	0
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	1
the disjointed mess	0
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics	1
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair	1
for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
a chilling movie without oppressive	1
into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
too long and	0
weird amalgam	0
are sometimes inexpressive	0
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish	0
god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
thought-provoking new york fest	1
, composed delivery	1
lots of hollywood fluff	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line	0
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
stuffy , full of itself ,	0
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	0
some of the worst dialogue	0
, funny and touching	1
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
a well-defined sense	1
includes too much obvious padding .	0
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
nice	1
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
at keeping themselves kicking	1
despicable characters	0
be punishable by chainsaw	0
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls	1
life affirming and heartbreaking ,	1
funny , sexy , and rousing	1
going to face frightening late fees	0
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
engaging criminal	1
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	0
aspired	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and	1
sink the movie .	0
one of the most genuinely sweet films	1
it 's great for the kids	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt	1
self-glorification and	0
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ,	1
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
his top-notch creative team	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy	0
is just the ticket you need .	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age	0
of funny situations and honest observations	1
clever and funny	1
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
such exuberance and passion	1
the amateurish	0
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
one only a true believer could relish	1
boorish movie	0
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
not funny performers	0
, deeply absorbing piece	1
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
charm or	1
made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not	0
runs out of steam after a half hour	0
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage	1
lies ...	0
have finally aged past his prime ...	1
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones	1
but a little too smugly superior	0
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won	0
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and	1
ransacks its archives	0
a lot of flavor and spice	1
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars	1
sensational , real-life 19th-century crime	1
the characters seem one-dimensional , and	0
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart	1
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first	0
store for unwary viewers	0
ca n't even do that much	0
'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ...	1
is a great yarn	1
both hugely entertaining and uplifting	1
stifles creativity	0
its own	1
breakthrough	1
goals	1
amateurish screenplay	0
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	0
's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
lots of obvious political insights	1
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	0
a much funnier film with a similar theme	1
suicidal	0
devastatingly	0
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation	1
more appealing	1
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits	1
like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
wonderful , ghastly	1
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	1
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for	1
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
should scare any sane person away .	0
solid pedigree	1
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price	0
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this	1
layers	1
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
only seems to care about the bottom line	0
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
horrible .	0
fascinating -- and timely --	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .	0
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material	0
failing , ultimately	0
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	0
the wit	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal	0
ingenious and often	1
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	0
is a big time stinker	0
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .	0
elegant and	1
a very tasteful rock and roll movie	1
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	0
fiercely clever and subtle film	1
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break	0
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
the world 's best actors ,	1
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy	1
and suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .	0
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea ,	0
into a dullard	0
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
a vivid imagination	1
as sexy beast	1
impersonal , almost generic	0
thrill you ,	1
better	1
the gloomy film noir veil	0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth	1
it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
an eye-boggling blend	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy	0
some very good comedic songs , strong finish	1
uplifting , funny and wise	1
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
funny film .	1
a return ticket	0
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
it is instructive	1
as anything much more	1
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
have no bearing on the story	0
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two	1
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence	0
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
painful , obnoxious	0
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
winning flight of revisionist fancy	1
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet	1
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need	1
new inspiration in it	1
stay with the stage versions , however ,	0
insecure	0
great help from kevin kline	1
a remarkable amount	1
express warmth and longing	1
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention	0
showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture ,	1
quietly engaging .	1
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ,	1
a new idea	1
with it	1
spiffy bluescreen technique and	1
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
is stiff or just plain bad .	0
puppies with broken legs	0
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
prevent its tragic waste of life	0
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why	1
where the film ultimately fails	0
are the greatest musicians of all time	1
, is funny and looks professional .	1
its moving story	1
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation	1
understated piece	1
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary	1
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera	1
bouncing bravado	1
in luck	1
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film	1
more confused , less interesting and more	0
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ,	1
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
a charming and evoking little ditty	1
a copout	0
than this facetious smirk of a movie	0
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
allows nothing	0
in all its director 's cut glory ,	1
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation	1
a frustrating patchwork :	0
reasonably creative	1
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
established filmmaker	1
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits	1
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds	1
there 's nothing exactly wrong here	1
to be a boy truly in love with a girl	1
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour	1
a properly spooky film	1
's lovely	1
playful and	1
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
the most beautiful , evocative works	1
an all-star salute	1
schlocky	0
toward maximum comfort and familiarity	1
can be a bit repetitive	0
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
smartly directed , grown-up film	1
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	0
built-in audience	1
is painterly	1
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs	1
thuds	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ,	1
of no erotic or sensuous charge	0
mindless action movie	0
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
a funny little movie	1
their largest-ever historical canvas	1
is hardly a masterpiece	0
it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's	1
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish	0
that 's always fun to watch	1
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
focus , point and purpose	1
sincere	1
been a lighthearted comedy	1
undeniably gorgeous	1
fearless purity	1
marks the spot .	1
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	1
a boring man	0
come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
pretend the whole thing never existed	0
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny	1
you feel pissed off	0
to honor the many faceless victims	1
more than capable of rewarding them	1
is enjoyable family fare	1
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks	0
as deep as a petri dish	0
, twisted , brilliant and macabre	1
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
earnestness	1
of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors	1
for the perspective it offers	1
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing	0
the work of an artist	1
with the unexplained baboon cameo	0
atypically hypnotic	1
for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
some flashy twists	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie	0
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero	0
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables	0
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh	1
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ,	1
retaining an integrity	1
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , '	0
go to a picture-perfect beach	1
has really found his groove these days	1
a bid to hold our attention	0
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	1
happy gilmore or the waterboy	1
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
often hilarious	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip	0
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	0
of gentle longing	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	0
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
little room	0
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	0
about their lives , loves and the art	1
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
dave barry 's	1
weirdly appealing	1
on-screen chemistry	1
notable for its sheer audacity and openness	1
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	1
independent-community	1
driven by appealing leads	1
for one splendidly cast pair	1
so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
make a gorgeous pair	1
evasive	0
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it	1
accepting him	1
incredibly layered and stylistic film	1
delivers on that promise .	1
pitch-perfect acting	1
bizarre	0
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	1
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film	1
's a terrible movie in every regard	0
told well by a master storyteller	1
aesthetically and sexually	1
, eloquent film	1
can truly be	1
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots	0
is part of the fun	1
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances	1
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	1
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .	0
the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
takes off in totally unexpected directions	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood ,	1
knucklehead swill	0
no `` waterboy	0
so insanely dysfunctional	0
in rhetoric and cliché	0
spend with these people	1
implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying	0
the hell	0
romantics	1
the simpering soundtrack and editing	0
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	0
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
found his groove	1
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
, resistance and artistic transcendence	1
this ambitious comic escapade	1
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.	1
us	1
leave fans clamoring for another ride	1
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life	1
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera	0
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	1
a really special walk	1
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece	1
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	1
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height	0
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
an engaging story	1
elegant film	1
dicey screen material	0
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	0
string together enough charming moments	1
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	0
really poor comedic writing	0
feeling like a great missed opportunity	0
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
a straight-to-video movie	0
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	0
there are laughs aplenty , and	1
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	1
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday	1
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
thank	1
with exquisite craftsmanship	1
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
you 're a fan of the series	1
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously	1
astoundingly rich film	1
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways	0
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy	1
, featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	1
is fluid and quick	1
the harsh reality of my situation	0
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ,	1
pleasant enough --	1
delicious pulpiness	1
has since	1
a case of masochism and an hour and a half	0
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
time and art	1
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending	1
such fresh territory	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	1
the pacing is deadly	0
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	1
it is a hilarious place to visit	1
mid-to-low budget	0
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability	1
shame americans ,	0
us	1
a tasty performance	1
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	1
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
seen such self-amused trash	0
straightforward and strikingly devious	1
great to look at , and funny	1
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	0
as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today	1
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy	0
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug	0
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
unencouraging threefold expansion	0
the dullest tangents	0
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
of stale gags	0
barely interesting	0
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone	0
does justice	1
deliciously	1
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema	1
most ardent	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
the stomach-turning violence	0
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
fails to entertain	0
best 60 minutes	1
as much of a mess as this one	0
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	0
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	0
badly awry	0
ultimately fails	0
painful	0
such a lousy way	0
the extravagant confidence	1
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
a handful	1
that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
own ambitious goals	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and	1
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	1
literate material	1
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	0
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
on a wal-mart budget	0
but it 's surprisingly harmless .	1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller	1
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	1
this gender-bending comedy	1
are too grave for youngsters	0
a weak and ineffective ghost story	0
that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
after being snared in its own tangled plot	0
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard	1
exuberance in all	1
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence	1
has less spice than a rat burger	0
remains a perfect wildean actor	1
weirdness	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags	1
video , and	1
a visual delight	1
achieving some honest insight	1
left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose	0
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper	1
relatively nothing happens	0
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	0
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking	1
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
love that strikes a very resonant chord	1
a lazy exercise	0
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	0
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	1
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years	1
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events	1
charming result	1
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope	0
crap is what i was expecting	0
overstimulated minds	0
smarter	1
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
is the director 's talent	1
mummy and the mummy returns	1
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up	1
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin	0
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess	0
is a lot more bluster than bite .	0
the grind to refresh our souls	1
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
too many	0
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	0
young adult life in urban south korea	1
interesting	1
seemingly irreconcilable	0
a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely	0
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	1
the writing is clever and	1
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ;	1
able to pull it back on course	1
leaves shockwaves	1
bags	0
surrealistic	1
11 times too many	0
a thoroughly modern maiden	1
torments and	0
for silly summer entertainment	1
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
is n't very funny	0
about friendship , love , and the truth	1
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
dead	0
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy	0
of freshness , imagination and insight	1
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	1
bloodbath	0
is small and shriveled	0
incredibly	1
good human	1
as thought-provoking	1
clarity and deeply	1
brief pretentious period	0
an elegant work ,	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '	0
i killed my father compelling	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone	1
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	0
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and	1
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display	0
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
a sultry evening	1
painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	1
to be bored by as your abc 's	0
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
a major waste ... generic	0
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	1
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
the endlessly repetitive scenes	0
a sobering and powerful documentary	1
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	1
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell	0
woe	0
've told a nice little story in the process	1
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
more self-absorbed women than the mother and	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work	0
equals the original and in some ways even betters it	1
have a whale of a good time	1
a beautiful paean to a time	1
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam	0
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	1
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or	0
be distasteful to children and adults	0
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
seemed bored	0
incongruous	0
one problem with the movie ,	0
a new benchmark for lameness	0
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie	1
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	0
some serious issues	0
undone by a sloppy script	0
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision	1
a comic book with soul	1
there 's no conversion effort	0
the energetic frontman	1
amazing	1
a modestly surprising movie	1
such a vibrant , colorful world	1
a surprisingly juvenile lark ,	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
like it 's wasted yours	0
unnecessary films	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ,	0
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering	0
recommend	1
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .	0
herzog simply runs out of ideas	0
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers	0
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
is ingenious fun	1
a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him	0
court maneuvers	1
lumbering	0
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
's just plain lurid	0
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
mindless pace in collision	0
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
has some nice twists but the ending	1
elevates the experience to a more mythic level	1
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
lacks it .	0
how pertinent its dynamics remain	1
dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors	1
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir ,	1
the modern masculine journey	1
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life	1
hunky has-been	0
studios	1
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	0
of piffle	0
that 's hard to resist	1
very sweet	1
enjoyable feel-good family comedy	1
if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	1
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	0
none of this sounds promising and ,	0
, but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	1
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of	0
an effective portrait	1
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film	1
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	0
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	0
soap opera	0
jumbled	0
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence	1
as vincent became more and more abhorrent	0
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
understated piece of filmmaking	1
a really special walk in the woods	1
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
fairly enjoyable mixture	1
is never dull	1
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room	1
with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise	0
the answers	1
except for the fine star performances	1
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others	1
` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
an adventure story and history lesson all in one	1
quite the genre-busting film	1
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	1
seriousness and quality	1
superficially written	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	1
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive	1
to perform entertaining tricks	1
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
more than a worthwhile effort	1
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and	1
a french film with a more down-home flavor	1
all-night	0
achieves the near-impossible	1
the princess seem smug and cartoonish	0
, entertaining thriller	1
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
punching people in the stomach again	0
, like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant	1
an interesting look	1
intense and engrossing	1
is a commanding screen presence	1
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one	1
never	0
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101	0
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
sanctimonious , self-righteous and	0
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship	0
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon	1
that in a good way	1
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	0
a mediocre tribute to films like them	0
's quite fun in places .	1
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill	1
coming close to bowling you over	1
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball .	1
as if it belongs on the big screen	1
do n't work in concert	0
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not	1
the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge	1
real-life persona	1
made him feel powerful	1
deep inside righteousness	1
santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work	1
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
an intimate feeling ,	1
is barely an hour long .	0
british stage icon	1
ultimately tragic	0
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery	0
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach	0
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream	0
rap and r&b names	1
in the truest sense	1
script error	0
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
salient points	1
dismiss -- moody ,	0
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
death and mind-numbing indifference	0
become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
chance to shine	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' -	1
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	1
biggest	1
to dumb down the universe	0
the action here is unusually tame	0
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout --	0
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
best short story writing	1
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal	1
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	0
cruelly	0
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --	1
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	1
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	0
ace	1
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
superb performance	1
another best of the year selection	1
christian	1
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
the living hell	0
brought to life on the big screen	1
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .	0
as fascinating	1
a chuckle	1
a genuinely funny ensemble	1
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	1
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
have recharged him	1
a frustrating misfire	0
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
is merely a charmless witch .	0
a terrific b movie	1
life and love	1
vibrant whirlwind	1
cliches , painful improbability and	0
seem so real in small doses	1
can aspire but none can equal	0
it 's provocative stuff ,	1
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	0
as it stands i	1
rush to the theater for this one	1
more fascinating than the results	1
non-stop funny feast	1
two-dimensional and pointless	0
great sympathy and intelligence	1
see this piece of crap	0
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
too indulgent	0
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode	1
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic	0
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes	0
is rather choppy	0
that everlasting conundrum	0
is not , nor will he be , back	0
a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
almost every single facet of production	1
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen	1
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but	0
have a fun , no-frills ride	1
it would be better as a diary or documentary	0
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
this mess	0
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
watching this waste of time	0
the few ` cool ' actors	1
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons	1
through with originality , humor and pathos	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie	0
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	1
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families	0
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
bittersweet	1
there is n't much there here .	0
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen	0
me want to scream	0
the best thing	1
an eerie thriller	1
your entertainment standards	1
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
is not worth	0
while huppert ... is magnificent	1
the original could ever have hoped to be	1
terror	0
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula	0
's a dull girl , that 's all .	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but	0
, and enjoyable	1
the year 's greatest adventure ,	1
believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
looks good	1
very well-written and	1
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging	1
have to see it .	1
entirely memorable	1
exhilarating , funny and fun .	1
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious	1
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
no character ,	0
worth the price of admission	1
metaphysical claptrap	0
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	0
an especially well-executed television movie	1
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	0
black-and-white and unrealistic .	0
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so	0
as a detailed personal portrait	1
huston performance	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...	1
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say	0
great performance	1
a wooden delivery	0
few gut-busting laughs	1
loves them	1
and likeable characters	1
... a solid , unassuming drama .	1
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality	1
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
some surprises	1
a student film	1
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
grows boring despite the scenery .	0
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
professional film	1
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
stylish psychological	1
an intelligent movie	1
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
spirited	1
witless ,	0
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
time is a beautiful film to watch	1
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	0
the misery	0
would have saved this film a world of hurt .	0
the worst of tragedies	0
simple title	1
that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	0
big heart	1
merely bad	0
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings	1
's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid	0
astonishing ...	1
a very distinctive sensibility ,	1
a unique , well-crafted psychological study	1
a magnetic performance	1
intelligent , caustic	1
emotional conviction	1
is powerful and provocative	1
although i did n't hate this one	1
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
drawn engaging characters	1
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape :	1
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
gorgeous to look at	1
danis	1
humor and poignancy	1
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller	1
go at all the wrong moments	0
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script	1
sweeping and gliding	1
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises	0
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	1
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes	1
have that kind of impact on me these days	1
when various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
a good thriller .	1
war movies	0
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	0
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
iwai 's gorgeous visuals	1
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
a fascinating little tale	1
the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships	0
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool	0
takes hold and grips	1
calm , self-assured portrait	1
wrenching performances	1
you love him	1
manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	1
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula	0
otherwise good-naturedness	1
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	0
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	0
its inescapable absurdities	0
head cutter	0
with verve	1
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack	0
a film with contemporary political resonance	1
impossibly	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece	0
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle	1
labored and unfunny	0
inviting all the same	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling	0
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation	1
an unchanged dullard	0
other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
of no real consequence	0
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ...	0
the peculiar american style of justice	1
put you off	0
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure ,	1
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and	1
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	0
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
hogwash	0
most magical and most fun family fare	1
casts attractive and talented actors	1
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin	1
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers	0
gentle , mesmerizing portrait	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	0
hot topics	1
fearless	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	1
the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
a cheap scam	0
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump	0
the film is static	0
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	0
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters	1
of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
something clever	1
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud	1
offend everyone	0
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today	1
a british cast	1
love and	1
too simple	0
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	1
in the worst way	0
an undeniable entertainment value	1
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	0
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study	1
an awkward hybrid	0
a lack	0
jim carrey	1
the full monty was a freshman fluke	0
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad	0
is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	1
unusual but unfortunately also	0
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
good enough to be the purr	1
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	0
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
cheap junk	0
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key	1
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display	0
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	1
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours	1
resident	1
monumental achievement	1
were any more of a turkey	0
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
does little	0
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre	1
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances	1
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	0
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
stranded	0
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	0
finesse	1
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
a trip	1
so badly made on every level	0
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ,	1
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance	0
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	1
predicament	0
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is	0
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool	0
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	1
negligible british comedy .	0
packed with moments out of an alice	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but	1
outrageously creative action	1
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick	0
hugely enjoyable	1
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	0
wan	0
of a first-rate cast	1
intelligent subtlety	1
make chan 's action sequences boring .	0
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces	1
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	1
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
in a movie that works against itself	0
both the scenic splendor	1
the highest power	1
stereotypes in good fun ,	1
, mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important	1
every bit as high	1
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film ,	1
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	0
mobius strip	0
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor	1
riveting and surprisingly romantic	1
got as potent a topic as ever here	1
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself	1
i 'm not	0
across as lame and sophomoric	0
each other against all odds	1
takes hold	1
so boring	0
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	1
fluid and mesmerizing sequence	1
something awfully deadly	0
given up	0
the experience worthwhile	1
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby	0
the film is not only a love song to the movies	1
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory	0
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	0
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film	1
honest , and enjoyable	1
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp	1
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	1
its great credit	1
both excellent	1
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ,	1
gets sillier , not scarier ,	0
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	1
of middle eastern world politics	1
is n't very good	0
supremely hopeful	1
stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic	1
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	1
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers	1
formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
its splendor	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	1
love to have their kids	1
a fullness	1
damned wonderful	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but	0
a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax	1
terribly funny	1
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers	1
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel	1
is a former film editor	1
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination	1
provocative material	1
an unexpectedly sweet story of	1
a grim future	0
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie	0
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film	1
intermittently hilarious	1
tongue-in-cheek	1
the urge to doze	0
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	0
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	1
it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored	1
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
warm , inviting , and surprising	1
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot	0
any way of gripping what its point is , or	0
be so light-hearted	1
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter	1
malarkey	0
rare quality	1
sitting through this one	0
a new , self-deprecating level	0
's a rather listless amble down	0
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .	1
new energy	1
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s	0
like the similarly ill-timed antitrust	0
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	0
such conviction	1
too late	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	1
feel the love	1
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history	0
a generic bloodbath	0
shoots and scores	1
an appalling ,	0
formuliac	0
is a success	1
genuinely unnerving .	1
has ( its ) moments	1
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations	1
most exciting	1
where it plainly has no business going	0
impressive and highly entertaining celebration	1
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .	0
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
awful snooze .	0
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	1
zero	0
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form	1
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion	0
sordid and	0
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and	0
perfectly clear	1
a splash	1
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room ''	0
a complete shambles	0
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .	1
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
so badly	0
can sound so dull	0
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph	1
unromantic	0
feels all too familiar	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	1
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting .	0
moving performance	1
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	0
breathes life	1
as a soufflé gone wrong	0
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why	0
nonstop hoot	1
is able to overcome the triviality of the story	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but	1
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .	0
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
nasty	0
reaffirms life	1
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits	1
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it	0
for but a few seconds	0
a manipulative whitewash	0
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise	0
worst titles	0
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film	1
rich and	1
impressive performances	1
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	0
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious	0
devoid	0
so exaggerated and broad	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip	0
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style	1
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
pretty well	1
heroes	1
after next	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking	1
a selection of scenes in search of a movie	0
mentally `` superior ''	1
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly	1
innovations and glimpse	1
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece	1
the flat dialogue	0
a sincere performance	1
weighs down	0
is better	1
well-made entertainment	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario	1
an uneven mix	0
do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director	0
the good and different	1
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one	0
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it	1
, but it 's great cinematic polemic	1
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion	1
does n't add anything fresh to the myth	0
dark pit	0
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
white 's intermittently wise script	1
a fun family movie	1
too boring and obvious	0
that 's neither completely enlightening ,	0
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
balances real-time rhythms	1
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
well-intentioned ,	1
weak payoff	0
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame	0
farts , urine , feces , semen	0
find comfort in familiarity	1
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state	1
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	0
obligatory cheap	0
is at 22 a powerful young actor .	1
to suffer '	0
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos	0
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away	1
bad mixture	0
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september	0
if this is cinema	0
about bad cinema	0
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	0
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	0
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	0
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , '	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
this story to go but down	0
on intimate relationships	1
lots of sloppiness	0
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights	1
vastly improved	1
over-indulgent	0
simply , and surprisingly ,	1
a faulty premise	0
always brooding	0
it arrives	1
never rises above mediocrity	0
wo n't hold up over the long haul	0
a solid , anguished performance	1
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other	0
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?	1
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
the boozy self-indulgence	0
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
by a talented director	1
she 's pretty and she can act --	1
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	1
actually has something interesting to say	1
more depressing than entertaining	0
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch	0
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	1
derivative , overlong , and bombastic --	0
all portent and no content	0
with a great premise	1
grab us	1
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens	1
we value in our daily lives	1
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	0
you ca n't miss it .	1
an alfred hitchcock movie	1
punctuated by sudden shocks	1
sexy slip	1
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take	1
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between	0
beautiful , timeless and universal tale	1
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
it 's an ambitious film ,	1
to engross even the most antsy youngsters	1
it well worth watching	1
assured , vital	1
just plain crap	0
majestic	1
meaningful historical context	1
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
a flair for dialogue comedy	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	1
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff	1
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	0
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	1
good guys	1
riveting memories	1
unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
, more playful tone	1
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it	0
the best of comedies	1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza	1
traffic	1
be moved by this drama	1
uneven but a lot of fun .	1
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	1
is his best film yet	1
the delight of discovery	1
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
and yet completely familiar	1
does n't have a passion for the material .	0
oddly sweet	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner	1
to be a part of that elusive adult world	1
deftly executed	1
is a big , juicy role	1
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	0
emotional intelligence	1
smart , savvy , compelling	1
takes chances that are bold by studio standards	1
sure , i hated myself in the morning .	0
its most delightful moments	1
a screwed-up man	0
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring	0
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	0
real pleasure	1
a true and historically significant story	1
moving and weighty	1
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	1
worldly-wise and very funny	1
mean-spirited	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be	0
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama	1
of an ignored people	0
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations	0
make this surprisingly decent flick	1
is a big letdown .	0
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
elevated by michael caine 's performance	1
the lousy john q	0
a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life	1
realistically	1
idiots	0
commands	1
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss	1
his reserved but existential poignancy	1
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
of an expert thriller	1
its broad racial insensitivity	0
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought	0
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
's that good .	1
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
listless direction	0
( tries )	1
an overly sillified plot	0
magic and is enjoyable family fare .	1
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship	0
in the conception than it does in the execution	0
for philosophers , not filmmakers	0
especially grateful for freedom	1
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty	1
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ,	1
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short	0
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
joyous documentary .	1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose	1
of a-list brit actors	1
embarrassment .	0
was immensely enjoyable	1
you feel good , you feel sad	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but	0
storytelling is far more appealing	1
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	0
talented friends	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress ,	1
now we 've got something pretty damn close	1
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
well-acted	1
cardiac arrest	0
spiffy animated feature	1
visionary	1
learns that believing in something does matter	1
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude	1
kurys ' direction is clever and insightful	1
is n't funny .	0
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
so true and heartbreaking	1
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	1
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
a compelling yarn	1
shiver-inducing	1
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized	0
a decent ` intro ' documentary	1
's kinda dumb	0
a trove of delights	1
admire the film 's stately nature	1
clever and very satisfying	1
a sick , twisted sort of way	0
fertile	1
on both suspense and payoff	1
gentlemen	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	0
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original	0
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	1
deviant behavior	0
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
may strain adult credibility	0
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told	0
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but	0
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama	1
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	0
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	0
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers	0
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .	0
worthwhile	1
long and unfocused	0
a deeply humanistic artist	1
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
in making me groggy	0
falls far short of poetry	0
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
picked me up	1
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	1
a movie that understands characters must come first	1
was written for no one	0
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire	1
created a substantive movie out	1
that are more silly than scary	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ,	1
this quality band	1
's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned	0
terrific as rachel	1
should stick to his day job .	0
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole	0
believe that resident evil is not it	0
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	0
hilarious and	1
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	1
been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	1
half-baked	0
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature	1
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture	1
poignant japanese epic	1
fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching	1
ca n't recommend it	0
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new	0
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool	0
natural and lovely	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character ,	1
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters	1
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	1
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions	1
project greenlight '' winner	1
a story for more than four minutes	0
gorgeous beaches	1
devos	0
acting that heralds something special	1
its appeal	1
barf	0
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	0
, evans is no hollywood villain	1
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances	1
fascinates	1
is deadpan	0
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
formulaic	0
a james bond series	1
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
political and psychological thriller	1
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
its laid-back way	1
bitchy	0
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .	0
the power	1
what made you love it	1
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...	1
wo n't score points for political correctness	0
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws	1
rich and full life	1
steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
an empty , purposeless exercise .	0
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	1
genuine laughs	1
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
beautifully	1
beguiling freshness	1
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	1
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	1
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	1
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments	1
( than leon )	1
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	1
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
doltish and	0
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	0
putrid	0
fuss or noise	0
most intense psychological mysteries	1
've completely lowered your entertainment standards	0
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved	1
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	0
an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar	1
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	1
a little underconfident	0
armed with a game supporting cast ,	1
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story	1
standoffish to everyone else	0
mainly unfunny	0
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
fahrenheit 451	1
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn	1
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash	0
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )	0
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	0
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
it 's fun ,	1
surprisingly charming and	1
this film biggest problem	0
the picture 's fascinating byways	1
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful ,	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure ,	1
extends to his supple understanding of the role	1
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	1
movie dawdle	0
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
bad film	0
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure	1
brazenly misguided project	0
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	1
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli	1
cute drama	1
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	1
, it still seems endless .	0
even better than the first one !	1
unmistakable , easy	1
unassuming , subordinate	0
a good movie ye	1
into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
overinflated	0
give what may be the performances of their careers	1
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals	1
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock	0
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments	1
been smoother or more confident	1
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
relevant today	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
heartwarming	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit	0
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
is loaded with good intentions	1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	1
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue	0
, decisive moments	1
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
creative team	1
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
a mess .	0
the script 's refusal of a happy ending	0
, barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	0
is smarter and subtler	1
this turd squashed	0
reflects the worst of their shallow styles	0
great performances	1
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and	1
structured and	1
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
sparse but oddly compelling	1
very well shot	1
unsung heroes	1
honest , sensitive story	1
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	0
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .	1
had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and	0
threw medical equipment at a window	0
a small , personal film	1
a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
too obviously	0
clever ideas and	1
of carnage	0
new adaptation	1
chan has done in the united states	1
new	1
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy	0
rises to its clever what-if concept	1
fragmented film	0
hollow , self-indulgent	0
slam-bang extravaganza	1
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
of the band	1
most audacious ,	1
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
emaciated	0
terrific date movie	1
debts	0
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising	1
has never been smoother or more confident .	1
nothing	0
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds	0
, well-made b movie	1
's a scorcher	1
recommend it	1
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez	0
if encouraging return	1
undistinguished rhythm	0
serve no other purpose	0
not only to his craft , but to his legend	1
the wrong times	0
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	1
a juicy writer	1
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for	0
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
, rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
downfall	0
your own precious life	1
the rich performances by friel	1
in thick clouds of denial	0
recommend it ,	1
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually	1
is his best film yet ...	1
a thriller ,	1
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .	1
a serious movie with serious ideas .	1
's a lyrical endeavor .	1
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story	0
`` un-bear-able '' project	0
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .	1
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '	1
a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .	0
that is gorgeously	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view	1
too many characters	0
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	1
goes to the essence of broadway	1
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	1
satisfactory overview	1
cheapo animation	0
, intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
's a masterpiece .	1
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows	0
positive impression	1
to a more mythic level	1
worthwhile glimpse	1
carries you along	1
continues to do interesting work	1
rare drama	1
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	1
utterly absorbing	1
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
been acted out	0
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
( a ) satisfying niblet .	1
intriguing , provocative	1
genuinely worthwhile	1
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	0
a weird little movie	0
is powerful and revelatory	1
kooky which should appeal to women	1
of terrific	1
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	0
treats the subject with fondness and respect	1
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	1
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,	0
vaguely silly overkill	0
the same blueprint	0
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare	0
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
a menace	0
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
wry observations	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman .	1
an ` action film ' mired in stasis	0
is by far the worst movie of the year	0
needed more emphasis	0
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins	1
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	1
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career	0
more graceful way	1
's compelling	1
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	1
great story	1
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	1
drown yourself in a lake afterwards	0
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	0
super-dooper-adorability intact	1
wit and interesting characters	1
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .	1
too weak a recipe	0
( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	0
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good	1
tepid and tedious	0
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting	0
terrific computer graphics ,	1
ame and unnecessary	0
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness	0
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge	0
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
is strong as always	1
, then triple x marks the spot .	1
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .	0
makes its point	1
returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
, convincing	1
miraculous movie	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes	0
ultimately flawed	0
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
acting like puppets	0
has a pleasing way with a metaphor	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but	0
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
a change in expression	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	1
white-knuckled	1
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
he 's not good with people .	0
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain	1
good-natured ensemble comedy	1
necessary and timely one	1
vividly and	1
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
keeping the picture compelling	1
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
awkward hybrid	0
giddy and whimsical and relevant today	1
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film	0
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining	1
of the year 's best films	1
to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama	0
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances	1
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
passion , grief and fear	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	0
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals	1
the masterful british actor ian holm	1
no-surprise	0
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy	0
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself	0
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .	0
this overlong infomercial ,	0
admission for the ridicule factor	0
visual style	1
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	0
not exactly assured in its execution	0
the ethos of the chelsea hotel	1
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment	0
works spectacularly well ...	1
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected	1
grittily beautiful film	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ,	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here	1
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles	0
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic	0
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving	1
the best korean film of 2002	1
ethereal beauty	1
despite auteuil 's performance	0
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
the charming result	1
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces	0
its sensitive handling	1
brilliant touches	1
farts , boobs ,	0
is a pleasant enough dish	1
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
steven seagal	1
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .	1
i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	0
under our skin	0
french cinema at its best	1
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	1
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable --	0
callow	0
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato	0
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ...	0
loud , ugly , irritating movie	0
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space	1
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination	0
her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
expressive power	1
an extraordinary film , not least	1
and flat-out farce	0
an absurd finale	0
adrenaline boost	1
a convolution of language that suggests it	0
ready-made midnight movie	1
entertaining to watch the target practice	1
no unifying rhythm or visual style	0
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
the sheer ugliness	0
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	1
americans	1
of lame entertainment	0
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	0
moving experience	1
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical	1
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching	1
a pointed , often tender , examination	1
is a hoot	1
be post-feminist breezy	1
this region and its inhabitants	1
good , hard-edged stuff	1
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) ,	0
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character	0
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	0
offers the none-too-original premise	0
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :	0
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck	1
that strikes a very resonant chord	1
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
unpleasant excuse	0
bad and baffling from the get-go .	0
pays earnest homage to turntablists and	1
two of those well spent	1
writer-director kurt wimmer	1
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
... irritating soul-searching garbage .	0
the film ultimately fails	0
columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	0
more annoying	0
cutes	1
, alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
a frightening and compelling ` what if	1
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully ,	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed	1
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	0
exuberant openness	1
morality tale	1
in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us	0
deserving of discussion	1
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .	0
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	0
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women	0
not very absorbing characters	0
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings	1
the humor dwindles .	0
of both adventure and song	1
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
of disconnection	0
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	0
it 's funny .	1
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	0
gets you riled up	1
forget about it by monday , though	0
delightful surprise	1
the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ,	1
from	0
some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither	0
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	0
could have -- should have -- been allowed	0
show blind date , only less	0
inviting	1
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us	1
their funny bones tickled	1
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
frequent laughter	1
meandering , low on energy , and too eager	0
by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion	0
seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
ragbag	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and	1
innocent and	1
of character-driven storytelling	1
with little logic or continuity	0
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes	0
is truly gorgeous	1
weird .	0
can be made	1
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars	0
rather unique	1
a great american adventure	1
talented cast	1
the heat of the moment	1
blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	0
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
nelson 's intentions are good	1
lionize its title character and exploit his anger	0
a tearjerker	1
entertainingly nasty	1
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses	1
adroit but finally	1
olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
is a kind of perpetual pain	0
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title	1
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
at least terribly monotonous	0
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored	0
so much crypt mist in the brain	0
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
richly detailed	1
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid	0
even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
should get all five	1
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .	1
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
the stunt work is top-notch	1
a new kind of high	1
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
star trek was kind of terrific once ,	1
an empty , purposeless	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but	0
is an entirely foreign concept	0
vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm	1
of ` ethnic cleansing	0
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
of his best-known creation	1
its material that is deliberately unsettling	0
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion	0
quite an achievement	1
to feel good about	1
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening	1
so many bad romances out there	0
thrills and extreme emotions	1
your reward	1
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
fanciful motion picture	1
a boring movie	0
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off	1
the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie	1
any	1
new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
a perceptive , good-natured movie	1
are remarkable .	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ;	1
funniest and most accurate	1
precious little substance in birthday girl	0
than the very sluggish pace	0
's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
is a trove of delights	1
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time .	1
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...	1
in a shabby script	0
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark	1
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .	0
i have a new favorite musical	1
knows how to make our imagination	1
an epic rather than	1
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	0
compelling investigation	1
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and	1
respects the material	1
be of interest primarily to its target audience	1
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is	0
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	1
mild disturbance or detached pleasure	0
walked away from this new version of e.t.	0
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	1
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	0
meditative and lyrical	1
has no idea of it is serious	0
brightly colored dreams	1
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
servicable world war ii drama	1
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies	0
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us	1
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors	1
down-and-dirty laugher	1
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
zings along with vibrance and warmth	1
an interesting topic ,	1
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
tiresome	0
done before but never so vividly	1
poignant lyricism	1
serenity and discipline	1
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .	0
the wan , thinly sketched story	0
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances	1
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter	1
has a tired , talky feel .	0
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	1
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid	1
the unique way shainberg	1
with a solid cast ,	1
scorcher	1
of authentically impulsive humor	1
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	0
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .	1
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
will linger long after this film has ended	1
as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes	0
gentle and humane	1
the mess	0
futility	0
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	0
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
the third feels limited by its short running time	0
, self-assured	1
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	1
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	0
, deceit and murder	0
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5	1
watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy	1
( stephen ) earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	1
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	1
finds a nice rhythm	1
not a participant	0
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length	0
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable	0
to believe in it the most	1
a jackie chan movie	1
's not too much of anything .	0
a torrent	1
it 's a very sincere work	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic	0
this is a film living far too much in its own head .	0
worst harangues	0
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies	0
stay positive	1
especially well	1
compelling , gut-clutching piece	1
cultural and personal self-discovery	1
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress	1
a humanistic message	1
an action/thriller	1
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	0
, humorless and under-inspired	0
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast	1
family	1
entertainingly presented	1
are beautiful	1
with very little story or character	0
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	1
transcendent performance	1
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level	0
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is	0
mean it 's good enough for our girls	1
cold movie	0
somewhat less than it might have been	0
lazy ,	0
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions --	0
really vocalized	1
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
feels impersonal , almost generic .	0
dumb and	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	0
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky	1
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers	1
a beautiful , aching sadness	1
artfully	1
famed charisma	1
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered	0
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level	1
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	1
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works	1
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
deeply moving	1
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash	0
is presented with universal appeal	1
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	1
less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates	0
intriguing movie experiences	1
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	1
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera	0
trailer trash cinema	0
feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful	0
philosophical visual coming right	1
gorgeous exterior photography	1
at your neighbor 's garage sale	0
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	0
generally light enough	1
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .	0
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares	0
an interesting slice of history	1
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
a turkey	0
the crassness of this reactionary thriller	0
`` new best friend ''	1
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
straightforward , emotionally honest	1
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	0
is a desperate miscalculation	0
overexposed waste	0
clever , offbeat and	1
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	1
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action	0
its recent predecessor miserably	0
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
good sweat	1
an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
that the movie does not do them justice	0
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch	0
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	0
lacks juice and delight	0
clean and	1
a disastrous ending	0
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish	0
funniest and most likeable	1
visually bland	0
a buoyant delivery	1
a powerful commentary	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
transcendence	1
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .	0
pissed	0
a cut above the rest	1
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	0
in this dreary mess	0
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	1
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction	1
liked a lot of the smaller scenes	1
's coherent , well shot	1
a droll ,	0
, it 's mission accomplished	1
dodge this one	0
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise	1
-- elegant technology for the masses --	1
pizazz	1
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	1
mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going	0
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave '	1
clueless and inept	0
charming , quirky , original	1
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun	1
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and	1
real pleasure in its laid-back way	1
a remarkably faithful one	1
to be engaging	1
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
alexandre	1
on its fairly ludicrous plot	0
a real filmmaker 's eye	1
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
of very bad scouse accents	0
for the best of hollywood 's comic-book	1
horrors ! )	0
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood	0
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man	0
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
one word that best describes this film : honest	1
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing	0
neither is well told	0
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction	1
an intelligent screenplay and	1
watch people	1
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	1
show-stoppingly	1
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies	0
the ultimate imax trip	1
every bit as filling as the treat of the title	1
improvement	1
a meatier	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse	1
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
nature and family warmth	1
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug	0
the courageous molly craig	1
of a brutal mid	0
flatulence	0
laughs are lacking	0
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	1
drifts aimlessly	0
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	1
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
, time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
is the energetic frontman	1
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them	0
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , and	0
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary	1
learn a good deal	1
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie	0
to serve the work especially well	1
venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
ca n't miss it	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
a small star with big heart	1
should be themselves	1
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications	1
silly humbuggery ...	0
makes a melodramatic mountain	1
refreshing and comical spin	1
buoyant feeling	1
really funny movie	1
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
its surprises	1
most intense	1
even life on an aircraft carrier --	1
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack	1
guide a loose , poorly structured film	0
this is a movie you can trust .	1
thoroughly involving	1
put away	0
originality	1
good video game movie	1
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict	1
wasting away	0
tense with suspense	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	1
the film 's hero is a bore and	0
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart	1
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks	1
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
hate it because it 's lousy .	0
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
` funny	1
is a clear case of preaching to the converted	0
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	0
makes it all the more compelling	1
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing	0
piercing	1
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	1
( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but	0
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	1
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile	1
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
for the tube	0
their intelligence	1
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable	1
the thin veneer	0
bad of a movie	0
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it	0
with witty dialogue and inventive moments	1
hideously and	0
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style	1
some decent performances	1
disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
unifying rhythm	1
the culture clash comedies	1
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	1
's leaden and predictable	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .	0
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
really unclear	0
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	1
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,	1
goofy pleasure	1
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	0
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny	0
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s	0
disapproval	0
's fun	1
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script	0
digital photography	1
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture	0
rises above superficiality	1
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun	1
splendid-looking	1
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness	1
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless	1
in such odd plot	0
muddled	0
is why i have given it a one-star rating .	0
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy	0
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer	1
of masters of both	1
hallmark commercial	0
than awe	1
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
a less-compelling soap opera	0
bad	0
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear	1
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long	0
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt	0
the desperation of a very insecure man	0
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
confused , and totally disorientated	0
what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script	1
, meandering , and sometimes dry	0
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices	1
clichéd to a fault	0
( sometimes hilarious )	1
condescending stereotypes	0
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
of the theater feeling	1
unfunny	0
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
deaths	0
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
's the russian word for wow !? '	1
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us	0
, and irritating	0
) just too bratty for sympathy	0
by the sheer beauty of his images	1
rolling your eyes in the dark	0
, ' it also rocks .	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza	0
a beautiful film	1
a hit	1
loud , brash and mainly unfunny	0
awfully	0
flashy twists	1
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	0
big-hearted	1
93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
female friendship that men can embrace	1
dread encountering the most	0
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard	0
holds the screen like a true star .	1
delicate	1
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
makes the grade as tawdry trash	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny	0
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	0
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	0
flat-out amusing	1
, salvation and good intentions	1
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride	1
involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere	0
more experimental	1
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
inane and	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent	1
best special effects	1
natural and	1
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless	0
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ...	1
coming-of-age film	1
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	0
paper-thin and	0
with wit and originality	1
mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences	1
bratty	0
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff	0
the result is more puzzling than unsettling	0
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	0
's because relatively nothing happens	0
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
lazy exercise	0
liability	0
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	0
enhance	1
it 's leaden and predictable ,	0
co-winner	1
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
is impenetrable and dull	0
high-strung	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and	1
rollicking adventure	1
's a rock-solid little genre picture	1
be delightfully compatible	1
's good enough .	1
big round eyes and	1
this odd , poetic road movie ,	1
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids	1
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances	1
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together	1
improved upon the first	1
some of this laughable dialogue	0
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy	0
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
horribly depressing and	0
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	0
gentle , unforced intimacy	1
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance	1
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer	0
a superfluous sequel ...	0
this deeply moving french drama	1
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	1
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze	0
of virtually plotless meanderings	0
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ,	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report	0
banal as the telling	0
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
of nature and family warmth	1
intelligent and moving	1
old porridge	0
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	1
sexy intrigue	1
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
affected and boring	0
the dullest science fiction	0
i enjoyed barbershop	1
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
biggest disappointments	0
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	1
in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study .	0
hate it because it 's lousy	0
as i laughed throughout the movie	1
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
nominated for an oscar next year	1
the devastation	0
disguise the fact	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	1
lacks	0
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex	0
's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it	0
alternately melancholic , hopeful	1
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
inspiring and	1
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun	0
than a spy thriller like the bourne identity	1
after decades	1
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
dislocation	0
slick production values	1
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	0
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy	0
than bland	0
amusing and unpredictable	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it	0
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
the impressive stagings of hardware	1
a canny crowd pleaser ,	1
a huge cut of above the rest	1
very meticulously but without any passion	0
a picture-perfect beach	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
piercingly affecting	1
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,	1
powerful commentary	1
in bad stage dialogue	0
so devoid of artifice and purpose	0
make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
be utterly entranced by its subject and	1
conceivable mistake	0
both heartbreaking and	1
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
works so well for the first 89 minutes	1
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
, and rousing	1
works the way a good noir should	1
the performances are often engaging	1
love reading and/or poetry	1
dumbed-down tactics	0
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment	1
insanely funny	1
, amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations	0
exit sign	0
the problem with `` xxx ''	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written	1
strong directorial stamp	1
a strong first act and	1
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	1
with an amateurish screenplay	0
was only	0
bring off	1
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,	1
a smart , funny look	1
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering	0
midway point	1
steals the show	1
a heady , biting , be-bop	1
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	0
sillier , not scarier	0
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy	1
a failure	0
so crisp and	1
annoying and artificial	0
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
truth and realism	1
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
because it is japanese and yet feels universal	1
terrific b movie	1
young talent	1
liked this film a lot ...	1
this is the ultimate movie experience	1
expanded vision	1
do in this marvelous film	1
its recycled aspects ,	0
eats up the screen	1
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary	0
increasingly amused irony	1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	1
of intergalactic friendship	1
than a half-hearted fluke	0
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
a truly magical movie	1
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
be smarter and more diabolical	1
great yarn	1
soars every bit as high	1
live together	1
clichéd	0
that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
rage and alienation	0
will find little new here	0
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
us right into the center of that world	1
puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher	1
give credit to affleck .	1
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow	0
genuinely	1
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation	0
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor	0
of this slick and sprightly cgi feature	1
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
linger long after this film has ended	1
too amateurishly square	0
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	1
technical proficiency	1
are alternately touching and funny	1
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors	0
is sorely lacking	0
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone	1
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
honest and loving	1
far superior	1
never succumbs to sensationalism	1
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough	0
informative and	1
a sad and rote exercise	0
pathetic as dahmer	0
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	1
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
stay in touch with your own skin	1
tremendous skill	1
have lost the ability to think	0
some real vitality	1
tick-tock pacing	0
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
dredge up	0
pleasing the crowds	1
lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen	0
satisfying complete	1
a sentimental mess	0
idiotic and ugly	0
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	0
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish	0
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
be pleased	1
unlikable	0
knockoff .	0
then biting into it and finding the filling missing	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ,	1
believable that you feel what they feel	1
is never satisfactory	0
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song	1
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
have no affinity for most of the characters .	0
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .	0
really wrong with this ricture	0
this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes	1
japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...	0
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
george 's haplessness	0
unpredictable , hilarious	1
guns , violence	0
a visionary	1
bravura performance	1
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before	0
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good	1
be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity	0
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out	1
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way	1
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	0
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	0
( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality	1
more likely	1
bliss	1
scattered	0
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone	1
sick , twisted sort	0
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff	0
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .	1
a finely written ,	1
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history	1
could n't come up with a better script .	0
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting	1
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	1
as john ritter 's glory days	1
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro	0
rambling	0
gentle , lapping	1
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american	0
teeth-clenching gusto	1
as those monologues stretch on and on	0
here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
remarkably original	1
an abused , inner-city autistic	0
right down the reality drain	0
it 's not a great monster movie .	0
, see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up	1
problematic	0
full of the kind of obnoxious	0
tear their eyes away from the screen	1
really get inside of them .	1
the waste of a good cast	0
solid storytelling .	1
big mistake .	0
have a hard time sitting through this one	0
what 's infuriating about full frontal	0
to be because it plays everything too safe	0
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
part biography , part entertainment	1
romp that has something to say .	1
that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side	1
scare the pants off you	1
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans	0
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ,	1
dare i say , entertaining !	1
charismatic enough	1
beautiful images and solemn words	1
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times	0
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3	0
strangely believable	1
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs	1
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters	1
is a whole lot of nada .	0
sketchy characters and immature provocations	0
shortcomings	0
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
a straight-ahead thriller	1
prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams	0
impressed	1
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
world trade center tragedy	0
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	1
, intricate magic	1
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
fuddled	0
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places	0
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
... a light , yet engrossing piece .	1
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	1
wonderful , imaginative	1
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
does n't put you off	1
that really tells the tale	1
smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking	0
big-hearted and frequently	1
to the integrity and vision of the band	1
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater	1
feel sanitised and stagey	0
extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
and much better	1
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .	0
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
and two smoking barrels	0
there done that	0
overworked	0
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	0
is kind of special	1
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	1
full-length classic	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic	0
seen in that light	1
on cable	0
the universal themes ,	1
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	0
bitter taste	0
a corny examination	0
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and	1
make you reach for the tissues	1
acceptable	1
are ... impeccable throughout	1
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown	1
the dead horse of surprise	0
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it	0
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels	0
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
unforgettable	1
stylish and	1
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in	0
breathe out of every frame .	1
, it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
highly polished	1
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power	1
roussillon providing comic relief	1
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
stop watching	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film	1
a masterful work of art of their own	1
grown tired of going where no man has gone before	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,	1
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	1
some serious soul	1
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
cerebral	1
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing	1
and effective film	1
it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
it attractive throughout	1
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher	1
worthy	1
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts	0
missed opportunity	0
with music and laughter	1
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations	0
be considered career-best performances	1
takes hold and grips hard	1
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	0
the joie de vivre even as he creates	1
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies	0
characters ramble	0
no chemistry or engaging charisma	0
, like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
incredibly flexible cast	1
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited )	1
energy	1
a rock-solid gangster movie	1
triumph '	1
, soar .	1
everyone can enjoy	1
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	0
none of this sounds promising and	0
smart and newfangled	1
a sleek advert for youthful anomie	1
a delightful lark for history buffs	1
shifting in your chair too often	0
it 's an utterly static picture	0
, desiccated talent	0
infuses the movie with much of its slender ,	1
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	1
faithful	1
breathtakingly assured and stylish work	1
do n't understand what on earth is going on	0
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders	1
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype	0
for originality of plot	1
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	0
about as interesting	0
and unabashed sweetness	1
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
, kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
toilet humor	0
its delivery is a complete mess	0
needlessly poor quality	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	0
like .	1
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .	1
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale	1
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy	0
the surest bet	1
you feel good ,	1
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	1
computer-generated cold fish	0
worked wonders	1
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study	0
a patient viewer	1
value and respect	1
splatter	0
from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
marginal	0
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
, simple-minded and stereotypical	0
over-blown	0
happy hour	1
it 's kinda dumb .	0
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be	1
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	1
's horribly wrong	0
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important	0
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between .	0
keeping themselves kicking	1
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
a horrible , 99-minute	0
a surprisingly funny movie	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	0
made me want to scream	0
feels like a copout	0
own brilliance	1
has made its way into your very bloodstream	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout	1
masterful	1
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is	0
labored	0
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
will all but take you to outer space	1
vivid	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices	0
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance	0
even-flowing tone	1
love and humility	1
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	1
its metaphors	1
pointless , tasteless and idiotic	0
cool	1
the misery of these people	0
as banal as the telling may be	0
get paid enough to sit through crap like this	0
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	0
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series	0
city by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
exciting and well-paced	1
those so-so films that could have been much better	0
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	1
this visual trickery	0
, big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
a great party	1
argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
attempts to mine laughs	0
gets very ugly , very fast	0
block	0
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
a concept doofus	0
such an engrossing story	1
, yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	0
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor	0
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design	0
relative	1
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	0
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ,	0
there surrender $ 9 and	0
naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	0
a larger-than-life figure ,	1
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
looked like crap ,	0
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure	0
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but	0
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly	0
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
it were , well , more adventurous	1
there 's already been too many of these films ...	0
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
a good human being	1
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .	1
the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
its own making	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one )	0
helpful	1
disney	1
joyous romp of a film .	1
degrading and strangely liberating	1
change tables	1
is a visual treat for all audiences	1
style and	1
an inuit masterpiece	1
take before indigestion sets in	0
served with a hack script	0
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad	0
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times	0
hollywood romance	1
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	1
seen it all before ,	0
it deserves to be seen everywhere .	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	0
the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through	0
stuffiest cinema goers	0
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	1
do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
swept away	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot	0
a cleverly	1
virulently unpleasant excuse	0
grow increasingly disturbed	0
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest	0
has no teeth	0
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
spooky new thriller	1
a wal-mart budget	0
a mediocre exercise	0
eerily accurate depiction of depression	1
a rip-roaring comedy action	1
a hint of humor	1
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	1
's better	1
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
druggy	0
pretentious mess	0
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality	0
canny and	1
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions	0
to come from an american director in years	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment	0
a terrible movie	0
were the people who paid to see it .	0
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
soulless and -- even more damning --	0
, marvelously twisted shapes history	1
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,	0
witty and	1
rushed ,	0
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and	0
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	1
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	0
an auspicious feature debut	1
instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin	1
throughout this funny film	1
is emerging in world cinema	1
celebration	1
operatic	1
is delightful in the central role .	1
sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings	1
creativity	1
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture	1
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out	1
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side	1
enough of interest onscreen	1
hold dear about cinema	1
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	0
to bring something new into the mix	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
, colorful , semimusical	1
morally alert	1
if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy	1
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	0
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
is n't very funny .	0
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular	1
a grating endurance test	0
finds a nice rhythm .	1
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
its premise is smart ,	1
for the art-house crowd	1
are great rewards	1
too stagey , talky	0
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary	0
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	1
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
little gem	1
realized on the screen	1
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
become one of our best actors	1
of elegant wit and artifice	1
economical	1
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful	1
high drama ,	1
suspenseful enough	1
in an intricate plot	1
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	0
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	1
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ,	0
a directorial tour de force	1
a children 's film in the truest sense	1
relative modesty	1
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script	1
this stylish film	1
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture	1
( washington 's ) strong hand	1
the insightful writer/director	1
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and	0
is a remarkably original work .	1
ugly	0
a smile , just sneers and bile	0
serious suspense	1
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
batman	1
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
most daring , and	1
you feel like running out screaming	0
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences	0
humor , warmth ,	1
seem appealing	1
sheer goofiness and cameos	1
a success	1
funnier film	1
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but	0
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes	1
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be	0
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
far more entertaining than i had expected	1
buzz , blab and money	0
feeling refreshed and hopeful	1
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	1
of its spirit	1
the good ,	1
runs 163 minutes	0
awesome work	1
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
the places , and the people ,	1
the film is a good one	1
thornberrys movie	1
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	0
of this sad , compulsive life	0
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
get more re-creations of all those famous moments	1
lacks a strong narrative	0
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way ,	1
have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
during the long build-up of expository material	0
onto the end credits	1
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks	1
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving	1
the best way	1
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama	1
, the film is a good one	1
awfully entertaining	1
well-written and	1
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
this delicate coming-of-age tale	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart	1
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
tight	1
high water mark	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .	1
teenage sex comedy	1
laugh at how bad	0
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
sade achieves the near-impossible	1
very entertaining , thought-provoking film	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and	1
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
in addition to being very funny	1
one not-so-small problem	0
a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three	0
a few other decent ones	1
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation	0
makes the movie special	1
the rich performances	1
no charm , no laughs ,	0
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony	0
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered	1
compelling dramatic means	1
amusing characters	1
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment	0
the very best of them	1
fascinating curiosity piece	1
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
just does n't cut it	0
are great rewards here .	1
overachieving	0
provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
finally has failed him .	0
mergers and downsizing	0
is infectious .	1
by letting you share her one-room world for a while	1
a full experience	1
the more influential works	1
to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece	1
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films	1
the actors ' perfect comic timing and	1
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
much of what we see is horrible	0
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow	1
can take credit for most of the movie 's success	1
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
find an escape clause	0
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater	0
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking	0
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful	1
a terrific job	1
the visual wit of the previous pictures	1
arty and	1
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious	1
, the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow	0
scant place for the viewer	0
torments and angst	0
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career	1
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	0
the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	0
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening	0
adrenaline jolt	1
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film	0
lack contrast , are murky	0
same stuff	0
good-looking	1
iconic hero	1
's what makes their project so interesting	1
and cinematic deception	0
life affirming and heartbreaking	1
the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
, cry and realize ,	0
more overtly silly dialogue	0
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
to waste their time	0
famed	1
feeble comedy .	0
in its splendor	1
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart	0
a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
compelling enough	1
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes	0
a cliché left unsaid	0
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
is hypnotic	1
( a ) poorly executed comedy .	0
makes each crumb of emotional comfort	1
hmmm	0
scare while we delight in the images	1
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	1
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr	1
her inventive director	1
indecent	0
are consistently delightful	1
a thing that already knows it 's won	1
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own	0
... also one of the most curiously depressing	0
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	1
's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	1
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
boiled hollywood argot	0
but they fascinate in their recklessness .	1
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
privileged moments and memorable performances	1
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing	1
delicious , quirky movie	1
rather unique approach	1
great cinematic polemic	1
feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
a gem of a movie	1
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
visceral excitement	1
a smart new comedy	1
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
's not half-bad .	1
deeply meditative picture	1
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills	1
with bloody beauty as vivid	1
death , especially	0
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	0
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché	0
pleasing	1
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
for this story to go but down	0
their parents	1
the beauty and power of the opera	1
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	1
a recommendation	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting	0
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
the most moronic screenplays of the year ,	0
egypt from 1998	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ,	1
, director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so	1
to south seas islanders	1
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	1
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
a well-made and satisfying thriller	1
want to slap it	0
catches you up in something bigger than yourself	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ,	0
great combination act	1
wise and knowing	1
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
a fine production	1
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
above-average thriller	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and	1
make a gorgeous pair ...	1
that it is n't very good	0
find it uninteresting	0
might enjoy this	1
to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
it will probably be a talky bore .	0
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
a feel-good movie	1
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear	1
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department	1
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
the jokes are sophomoric ,	0
a solid , well-formed satire .	1
( maybe twice )	1
confusing on one level or another ,	0
the final day of the season	1
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	0
remarkable skill	1
sheerly beautiful	1
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	1
it 's his strongest performance since the doors	1
good things to offer	1
no lika da	0
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	0
unimaginative comedian	0
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	0
i mind ugly	0
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy	0
entering	1
on the monster 's path of destruction	0
bowling you over	1
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
the director is a magician	1
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	1
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	0
has created a beautiful canvas	1
wo n't much care about	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day	0
's an entertaining and informative documentary	1
a markedly inactive film	0
genre gem	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy	0
solemn insights	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge	1
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end	1
has created such a vibrant , colorful world	1
has nothing	0
delicately crafted film	1
you like peace	1
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	1
like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable	0
does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
a terrible strength	1
first mistake	0
adding	1
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
both exuberantly romantic and serenely	1
baked cardboard	0
the immersive powers	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses	1
dispassionate	0
of b-movie excitement	1
it has its faults	0
amazingly evocative film	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,	1
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
dramatic and emotional	1
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
sink it	0
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking	0
coming-of-age drama	1
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
extremely well acted by the four primary actors	1
funny with the material	1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
to be even worse than its title	0
a fascinating	1
mothers ,	0
excellent storytelling	1
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies	1
special	1
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
who are nearly impossible to care about	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need	1
intimate , unguarded moments	1
fills me with revulsion .	0
a tone of rueful compassion ...	1
a delightful entree in the tradition	1
high-minded	1
of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
female friendship that men can embrace and	1
brutally honest	1
is engaged	1
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this	0
truly	1
whether you can tolerate leon barlow	0
, it 's pretty stupid .	0
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	1
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
deep bow	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times ,	1
pure over-the-top trash	0
had a wonderful account to work from	1
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock	1
the bottom of the barrel	0
well-paced	1
, most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
an unbalanced mixture	0
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	1
the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again	0
the cliché-laden screenplay	0
glaring triteness	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant ,	1
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic	0
because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope	1
mesmerised	1
dim-witted and lazy	0
flawed support structure	0
you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series	0
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay	1
unabashed sweetness	1
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	1
collapses under its own meager weight .	0
do n't think this movie loves women at all	0
their parents ' anguish	0
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	1
three hours and with very little story or character	0
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but	0
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .	0
, unfussily poetic	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ,	1
life-affirming message	1
star power , a pop-induced score	1
idiotic and	0
be sorry	0
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment	0
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
of motherhood deferred and desire	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience	0
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be	0
, singing , and unforgettable characters	1
best and most mature	1
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	1
slightly unfulfilled	0
the schmaltz is manufactured	0
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean ,	0
carry the movie	1
redeems it	1
that kind of impact on me these days	1
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	1
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history	0
, it 's as good as you remember .	1
distasteful and	0
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	0
, changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
a high water mark	1
ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
a terrific effort	1
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back	0
love a joy to behold	1
skillful and moving	1
prefabricated	0
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure	1
more diverting and thought-provoking	1
quirky , charming	1
worth a peek	1
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity	1
awfully good , achingly human	1
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	0
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
surprising highs	1
me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here	0
renewal	1
in a more ambitious movie	1
of french cinema at its best	1
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	0
kinda dumb	0
is intriguing , provocative stuff	1
wryly	1
us nothing new	0
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
undeniably fascinating and playful	1
affirming	1
nonsensical and	0
, superficiality and silliness	0
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ,	1
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	1
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
was entranced	1
a bit on the skinny side	0
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington	1
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds	1
any summer blockbuster	1
much better mother-daughter tale	1
to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
with star power , a pop-induced score	1
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what	0
meandering and confusing .	0
a tv episode rather than a documentary	0
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and	1
ultra-violent	0
disappointed	0
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid	0
looks genuinely pretty .	1
effective moments	1
jarring , new-agey tone	1
ethics	1
-- sometimes tedious --	0
encompasses many more paths	1
second-rate	0
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
unclear	0
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it	1
's low on both suspense and payoff	0
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
the whole mess	0
no	0
a great story	1
fully endear itself to american art house audiences	1
splash without the jokes	0
in an inarticulate screenplay	0
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit	1
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	0
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
misogynist evil	0
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up	1
its audience giddy	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict	0
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot	0
breathtakingly spectacular	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh	0
could n't	0
frighten and	0
drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad	0
assuredly	1
forgot	1
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre	0
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
coming-of-age comedy .	1
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
's definitely an improvement on the first blade	1
it ends up falling short as a whole	0
silly-looking	0
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd	0
runs for only 71 minutes and	0
smart , compelling drama	1
with their charisma	1
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
delightfully dour	1
with but they 're simply not funny performers	0
becomes a part of its fun	1
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in	1
scary , action-packed chiller	1
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	1
smarter and more diabolical	1
seamless and sumptuous stream	1
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	1
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch	1
admire it	1
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale	1
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan	1
