signing	1
adorably ditsy but	1
unbelievably stupid	0
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
, spicy footnote	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	0
incredible	1
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered	0
's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
rare insight	1
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way	0
render it anything but laughable	0
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	1
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity	0
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
dialogue and plot lapses	0
may have many agendas	1
abyss	0
is extremely thorough .	1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	0
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
a ham-fisted sermon	0
including a knockout of a closing line )	1
own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
leave a lasting impression	1
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
subtly kinky bedside vigils and	1
leaping from one arresting image to another	1
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation	0
very well done	1
sharp movie	1
with their memorable and resourceful performances	1
as a classic movie franchise	1
it makes up for with its heart .	1
poignant and delicately complex .	1
bad to be good	0
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
rage	0
laugh therapy '	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck	0
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	1
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius	0
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties	1
the concentration	1
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	0
could have been much stronger	0
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events	1
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and	0
do n't avert our eyes for a moment	1
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel	0
your interest until the end and	1
that everyone can enjoy	1
for a critical and commercial disaster	0
does n't do a load of good	0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	0
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
biographical fantasia	1
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries	1
quite a vision	1
maudlin and cliche-ridden	0
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
cultural satire	1
portuguese master manoel de oliviera	1
the soulful nuances	1
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	0
just too bratty for sympathy	0
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	1
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
the better video-game-based flicks ,	1
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	0
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
silly summer entertainment	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
biologically	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic	1
it has plenty of laughs .	1
a crisp psychological drama	1
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half	0
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show	0
touching british comedy	1
from any movie with a `` 2 ''	0
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
that rare family movie	1
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism	0
in a way that verges on the amateurish	0
the finished product 's unshapely look	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,	1
a flat script	0
ludicrous and contrived	0
fine job	1
is left slightly unfulfilled	0
, dull procession	0
the great pity	0
its pretensions	0
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose	0
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
an elegant visual sense	1
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but	1
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic	0
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill	1
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
atypically hypnotic approach	1
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
ultimate	1
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
a great cast	1
fills time	0
processed comedy	0
confident filmmaking	1
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable	1
be spectacularly outrageous	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue	0
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time	1
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	1
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies but	1
wonder of wonders	1
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
dramatic , funny and poignant	1
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line	0
inadvertent	0
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes	0
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
expects people to pay to see it	0
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
leonine power	1
its mind	1
insipid , brutally clueless film	0
fails him	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
racist humor	0
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking	1
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care	0
its chicken heart	0
like a true star	1
flat and uncreative	0
their quirky and fearless ability	1
stretches of impact and moments	1
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
seem fresh again	1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life	0
witty and beneath	1
more bluster	0
our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
feels cheated	0
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )	1
life	1
caliber cast	1
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
something to behold	1
with a cause	1
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
imaginative flight	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing	0
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style	1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time	0
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings	1
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity	1
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
she had to sit through it again	0
all the right ways	1
a heaven	1
the predictable parent	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	1
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera	1
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film	1
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
, the characters move with grace and panache	1
sacrificing the integrity of the opera	0
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic	0
powerful act	1
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency	1
are still looking for a common through-line	0
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	1
a lackluster script	0
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale	0
is n't much fun	0
it 's not half-bad	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
family responsibility and care	1
extravagant	1
some movies that hit you from the first scene	1
little catch	1
returns to his son 's home	1
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped	1
powerful documentary	1
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
the highest production values you 've ever seen	1
oftentimes funny ,	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
a smartly directed , grown-up film	1
unusual homes	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can --	1
such a gloriously goofy way	1
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile	1
it all unfolds predictably ,	0
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	1
clear point	1
guiding lights	1
possible argentine american beauty reeks	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing ,	1
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
read my lips	0
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
certain robustness	1
some of the computer animation is handsome	1
recycled more times	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
broad streaks of common sense	1
parents love to have their kids	1
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	0
graceless and devoid	0
a fireworks	1
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject	0
the four primary actors	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
is rote work and predictable	0
far less	0
not without cheesy fun factor .	1
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and	1
is certainly worth seeing at least once	1
in the best possible senses of both those words	1
have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	0
play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
minor-league	0
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
characteristically engorged and	0
'' and `` terrible	0
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --	0
, flawed humanity	0
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life	1
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	1
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but	1
leave the theater	0
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine	0
endearing cast	1
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder	1
a cult favorite	1
loud , silly , stupid and pointless	0
know how to please the eye	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
into the sort of heartache everyone	0
the shadows of motown	1
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair	1
bask in your own cleverness	1
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	1
read my lips with such provocative material	1
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	0
discarded	0
our dismay	0
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick	0
most edgy piece	1
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
so uninspiring	0
makes a meal of it	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and	1
try to avoid	0
so lovely toward the end	1
` top of the world '	1
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	0
ignore the film	0
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,	1
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some	1
loss	0
the most exciting action films	1
yet , it must be admitted	0
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
riveting profile	1
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
unfunny	0
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie	1
inferior level	0
watered down the version of the one	0
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
sustains it beautifully	1
refreshingly natural	1
sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,	0
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	1
heart-string plucking	1
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
self-hatred instilled	0
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
distractions	0
himself a deft pace master and stylist	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	0
nature film and a tribute	1
award-winning	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,	1
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
the stomach-knotting suspense	1
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
sentimental chick-flicks	1
bracing	1
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
bitter and truthful	1
the waterlogged script	0
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go	0
historically significant , and personal , episode	1
a stark portrait	1
mediocre special effects	0
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
while the humor is recognizably plympton	1
as bad at it is cruel	0
acidity	0
casting excellent latin actors of all ages --	1
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness	0
hold our attention	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
unsatisfying	0
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves	0
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	0
some worthwhile themes	1
this is one of the year 's best films .	1
lowbrow	0
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad	1
you love the music , and i do	1
ideas and wry comic mayhem	1
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	0
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
skewed to ever get a hold on	0
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
great film noir	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama	0
surprising flair	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend	0
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
about each other against all odds	1
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images	1
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
a cinematic corpse	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power	1
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed	0
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and	1
eyes	1
were convinced to waste their time	0
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often	0
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
an absorbing look	1
, is still good fun .	1
that try too hard to be mythic	0
's also disappointing to a certain degree	0
and mind games	1
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
boring and	0
half past dead is just such an achievement .	1
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
disney 's great past	1
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
is sympathetic without being gullible	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music	1
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
holds the screen like a true star	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
this a charmer	1
an extraordinary faith	1
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
tired old vision	0
low-grade cheese standards	0
gets the tone just right	1
give it a marginal thumbs up	1
skillfully assembled	1
a film school undergrad	0
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
an oscar	1
nifty twists	1
for an intelligent weepy	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,	0
well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,	1
too loud , too goofy	0
audacity and	0
graceless and	0
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	0
the treat of the title	1
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film	1
a nice change	1
putting together any movies of particular value or merit	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
the creative animation work	1
well-formed satire	1
case zero .	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,	0
a gorgeously strange movie	1
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and	0
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort	1
only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	0
is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
otherwise good	1
it ca n't really be called animation	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year	1
is so slight	0
, partisans and sabotage	0
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people	1
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
genre-busting	1
a fine , focused piece	1
play fine	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very	0
real writer plot	1
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	1
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one	0
stilted and unconvincing	0
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks	1
soothe and break	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense --	1
for all its brilliant touches	1
followed through	1
than to rush to the theater for this one	0
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ...	0
, pointless , stupid	0
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans	0
eight legged freaks ?	0
witless	0
's unique and quirky about canadians	1
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
jackson 's	1
remarkable new trick	1
's both charming and well acted	1
dumb story	0
of the long list of renegade-cop tales	0
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
freely	1
to a biting satire that has no teeth	0
brought something fresher	1
rah-rah	1
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
jaw-dropping	1
engaging fantasy	1
a lot to recommend read my lips	1
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	1
feel like mopping up ,	0
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting	0
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role	1
of masterpiece	1
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	0
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
tiresome jargon	0
of sleaziness	0
be two hours gained	1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
, folks , it does n't work .	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever	1
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
visually stunning	1
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him	1
a reader 's digest condensed version	0
sterling ensemble cast	1
be a breath of fresh air	1
seems timely and important .	1
just did n't care	0
destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
probably want to see it twice	1
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body	1
not remotely incisive enough	0
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
desolate	0
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	1
leaves a lot to be desired	0
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way	0
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
original and insightful	1
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	1
takes a sudden turn and devolves	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	1
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors	0
, and room noise	1
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	0
the only thing i laughed at	0
big excuse	0
is a career-defining revelation	1
, the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
hoping for a stiff wind	0
's easy to like	1
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously	0
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
a hilarious kenneth branagh	1
career-defining revelation	1
a naturally funny film ,	1
by a warmth that is n't faked	1
shoplifts shamelessly	0
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again	1
genre a bad name .	0
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	0
's as entertaining	1
be fruitful	1
shallow	0
lack-of-attention	0
a terrible story	0
an attention	1
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in	0
touches the heart	1
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	0
as south park	0
totally unnecessary prologue	0
flat ,	0
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look	1
, it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
( a ) soulless ,	0
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938	0
unrewarding	0
feeble comedy	0
casual and fun	1
real	1
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through	0
of the other foul substances	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline -	0
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	0
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
sweet and memorable film .	1
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man	0
that remains vividly in memory long	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year	1
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich	1
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly	0
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
recommend read my lips	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well	0
refreshingly forthright one	1
crafted ,	1
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	0
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches	0
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously	0
boring , pretentious waste	0
interesting and	1
a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
memories of rollerball	1
sappy , preachy one	0
smug	0
typical late-twenty-somethings natter	0
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	0
classic	1
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
a movie that deserves recommendation	1
you were n't invited to the party	0
the most unpleasant things the studio	0
stirring road movie .	1
, the film is deadly dull	0
of the delusional personality type	0
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout	0
engaging diatribes	1
the river	1
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	1
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality	1
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,	0
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned	1
hubristic folly	0
, smartly played and smartly directed .	1
that interest attal and gainsbourg	1
familiar but utterly delightful .	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
praise	1
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest	0
showtime deserves the hook .	0
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation	1
utterly misplaced earnestness	0
a fragment of an underdone potato	0
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation	0
so much passion	1
thoroughly engrossing and	1
yet unforgivingly inconsistent	0
embarrassingly ham-fisted	0
, potent exploration	1
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness .	1
it is wise	1
showing honest emotions	1
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .	0
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time	0
is a truly , truly bad movie	0
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
is worth seeking	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
geriatric dirty harry	0
constrictive eisenhower era	1
give each other the willies	0
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis	1
i shamelessly enjoyed it	1
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time	0
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	1
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever	1
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
disturb	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable ,	0
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
become smug or sanctimonious	0
is well-made	1
almost generic	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	0
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction	1
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
a film so graceless and devoid	0
so low	0
they fall to pieces	0
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing	1
right actors	1
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee	1
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances	0
boasting this many genuine cackles	1
poignant and uplifting story	1
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,	0
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one	1
a much larger historical context	1
succeeds in entertaining ,	1
a great way	1
very compelling ,	1
outstanding performance	1
revelatory performance	1
to a strangely sinister happy ending	1
disappointingly thin slice	0
a really long , slow and dreary time	0
tumbleweeds	0
rich and intelligent film	1
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	1
often-hilarious farce	1
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
sickeningly real	1
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense	1
a fascinating , dark thriller	1
repulsive and depressing	0
funny , sweetly adventurous	1
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	1
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods	1
its charms and its funny moments	1
a marginal thumbs	1
adventure movie	1
to the brim with ideas	1
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence	0
the park	1
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek	1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	0
's 86 minutes too long	0
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,	1
something fishy	1
as the old-hat province of male intrigue	0
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	0
shamelessly manipulative	0
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
, well-developed characters	1
left us cold	0
is a success .	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	0
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus	1
agile	1
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
woefully hackneyed	0
insufficiently cathartic	0
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	1
good-naturedly	1
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story	1
most wondrously	1
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable	0
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series	0
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	1
further	1
( and better )	1
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
magnificent swooping aerial shots	1
to be somebody , and	1
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this	0
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
honor the many faceless victims	1
, indescribably bad	0
redeeming feature	1
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are	0
has a rather unique approach to documentary .	1
truly annoying	0
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	0
the plot has a number of holes , and	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor	1
just brilliant in this	1
formulaic equations	0
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
as pure over-the-top trash	0
funny , ultimately heartbreaking	1
is way too stagy	0
easy feel-good sentiments	1
smart , provocative drama	1
a sparkling newcomer	1
to our basest desires	1
actually thrilled	1
are nearly impossible to care about	0
, it 's not too bad .	1
trickery	0
may be lovely	1
the sorriest and most	0
no special effects , and	0
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
this year 's razzie	0
gets around to its real emotional business	1
rolling over	0
one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies	1
a really strong second effort	1
most awful acts	0
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
what the hell was coming next	0
art film	1
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked	1
fluid and mesmerizing	1
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i	0
the soul of a man in pain	0
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	0
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
humorously	1
belly laugh	1
the most watchable film of the year	1
oscar-nominated	1
poetic symbolism	1
a sudden turn and devolves	0
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
more than ably	1
largely flat and uncreative moments	0
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation	1
precious little of either	0
relatively gore-free	1
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002	0
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
the film 's plot may be shallow	0
abridged edition	1
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece	1
independent film	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
packed with just as much intelligence	1
hard to be emotional	0
bracingly truthful	1
crafted , and well	1
good guy	1
the maudlin way its story unfolds	0
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand	1
pretty stupid	0
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony	0
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors	0
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
you are wet in some places	0
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering	0
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out ,	1
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one	1
get back to your car in the parking lot	0
throwaway	0
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	1
continue to impress	1
most severe	0
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise	0
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
a surprising , subtle turn	1
obvious	0
worthy substitute	1
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
artistic significance	1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	1
... a pretentious mess ...	0
best ensemble casts	1
of one man 's quest to be president	1
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	1
of testing boundaries	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...	1
vastly entertaining	1
a poetic	1
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow	1
elegant and sly	1
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,	0
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
( ferrera )	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .	1
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
an affection	1
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
ponderous and charmless	0
` gentle '	1
is a superior horror flick	1
irresistible , languid romanticism	1
awkwardly paced	0
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better	0
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head	1
far less sophisticated and	0
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
it 's wasted yours	0
's as good as you remember	1
odd , rapt spell	0
try to surprise us with plot twists	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn	1
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
, compulsive life	0
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	1
sometimes inadequate	0
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
incapable of controlling his crew	0
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .	1
sane person	1
speaks volumes ,	1
a loathsome movie	0
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company	0
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
an entertainment	1
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
the always hilarious meara and levy	1
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature	1
lustrous polished visuals	1
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
that 's fun for kids of any age .	1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up	1
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
, genuine	1
exploitation film	0
sparse instances	0
in the film that surprises or delights	1
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	1
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly	0
to feel funny and light	1
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	1
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning	0
bit of piffle .	0
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :	0
see : terrorists are more evil than ever !	0
a mournful undercurrent	0
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
after a while	0
with a momentum that never lets up	1
an endless trailer	0
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	0
she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
's enough to sustain laughs	1
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey	1
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient	0
artistically inept	0
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	1
at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	1
, entertaining comedy	1
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,	1
small ...	0
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
complete lack	0
in need of a scented bath	0
in too many conflicts	0
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	1
truly terrible	0
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	1
dread	0
film that suffers because of its many excesses .	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
cool event	1
, intimate and intelligent	1
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
figures prominently in this movie , and	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film	1
bolster director and co-writer	1
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have	1
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
its proper home	1
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	0
to entertain	1
a hands-off approach	0
film ' in the worst sense of the expression	0
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
confection that 's pure entertainment	1
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief	1
the biggest disappointments of the year	0
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
in search of a better movie experience	0
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery )	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .	0
in an art film !	1
more interesting	1
winningly	1
the hardy spirit	1
is anything but languorous	1
, virulently unpleasant excuse	0
smart , funny and	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view	1
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	1
grueling	0
old-hat	0
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism	0
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
thornier	0
's as good	1
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
a solid , psychological action film	1
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament	1
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty ,	0
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny	1
a classical dramatic animated feature ,	1
it suits the script	1
affirming and	1
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	1
the occasional belly laugh	1
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	0
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
mundane '70s	0
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	0
a doa dud from frame one .	0
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film	1
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	0
be a breakthrough in filmmaking	1
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious	0
with a grand whimper	0
disappointing to a certain degree	0
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better	1
more than it does cathartic truth telling	0
the town has kind of an authentic feel ,	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew	0
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else	0
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
the dark theater	0
a homage	1
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
of a big , tender hug	1
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
best war movies	1
skilfully	1
a fascinating study	1
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .	0
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away	1
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
even more predictable , cliche-ridden	0
maximum comfort and familiarity	1
does n't live up to material	0
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream	1
it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
no means a slam-dunk and	0
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
fraction	1
it 's also not very good .	0
while the production details are lavish	1
most poorly staged and lit action	0
are as timely as tomorrow	1
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	0
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end	1
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time	1
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster	0
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,	1
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
full of masters of both	1
star power ,	1
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge	0
again and quite cheered at just that	1
more and more abhorrent	0
affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	1
is hell .	0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	1
poorly	0
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
overcome the problematic script	0
is terrific ,	1
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding	1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,	0
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin	0
nicely done	1
sneaks up on you	1
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment	1
lameness	0
most inventive	1
its classical music	1
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
arnold is not , nor will he be , back	0
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room ''	0
deeply touched by this movie	1
a hip comedy	1
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
lame entertainment	0
shimmering cinematography	1
of the best films of the year	1
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point	0
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque	0
is shallow , offensive and redundant	0
distaste	0
beating the austin powers films	1
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	0
the banality and hypocrisy	0
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	1
settle for	0
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	0
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life	1
worthy and	1
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2	0
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence	1
guessing plot and	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters	1
the ideal outlet	1
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
thrilling	1
neat premise	1
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
cheery	1
murk	0
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
gorgeousness .	1
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
might deliver again and again	1
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
fits the bill perfectly	1
torture and self-mutilation	0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention	0
through the horrible pains of a death	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	0
makes it worth the trip to the theater	1
real star	1
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something	0
it 's stupid	0
a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	0
poignant and leavened	1
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
yes , that 's right	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers	1
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
emotional edge	1
is truly funny	1
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer	0
in this wildly uneven movie	0
strikes a very resonant chord	1
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	0
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	0
powerful and deeply moving	1
ok for a movie	1
reward	1
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film	1
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do	1
terrific	1
deniro 's once promising career	0
the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this	0
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
the film has an infectious enthusiasm	1
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
the power of their surroundings	1
, from the incongruous but chemically	0
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue	0
too clumsy	0
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
mysterious , sensual	1
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly	1
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer	0
ham-fisted	0
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	1
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
this is a superior horror flick .	1
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting	0
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny	1
the obnoxious special effects	0
the biggest names in japanese anime ,	1
similar obsessions can dominate a family	0
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	1
slippery slope	0
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through	0
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious	0
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
of bittersweet camaraderie and history	1
nothing 's happening	0
she fails to provoke them .	0
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	1
is a lot more bluster than bite	0
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
satisfying	1
poignant and uplifting	1
rewards	1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing	0
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
takes big bloody chomps out	0
little too obvious , but	0
stupid americans	0
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
perfect teaming	1
photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller	1
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	0
does n't manage to hit all of its marks	0
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	1
shameless	0
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
an engaging	1
in which most of the characters forget their lines	0
wonderful cinematography	1
walk out of the good girl	0
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	1
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness	0
, sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
their idol 's energy and passion for detail	1
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
too thin	0
his cinematic vision	1
well-meant	1
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty	0
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
otherwise excellent	1
besson has written in years	1
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
high-profile talent	1
realize , much to our dismay ,	0
johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	0
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
how it washed out despite all of that	0
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter	1
as literary desecrations go	0
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
, inflammatory film	0
a good ear for dialogue	1
, the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	1
does n't make any sense	0
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	0
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	1
overtly disagreeable	0
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
is awesome	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :	0
sense-of-humour	1
seems aware of his own coolness	1
i realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
thoroughly engrossing	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,	0
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout	1
quick-witted than any english lit	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment	0
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains	1
when the movie ended so damned soon	0
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view	1
nifty plot line	1
so fascinating	1
to give you brain strain	0
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer	0
grabs you	1
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice	0
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
one of the year 's best	1
is top-notch	1
hollywood road	1
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,	1
have a good time with this one too	1
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
a catastrophic collision	0
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
, really stupid	0
are often funny fanatics	1
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
seem odd bedfellows	0
equally miserable	0
would know what to make of this italian freakshow	0
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	0
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness	0
as gripping	1
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain	1
is completely	1
bring out joys in our lives	1
no level whatsoever for me	0
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild	0
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
back with the astonishing revelation	1
of the world 's greatest teacher	1
's just tediously bad ,	0
that should be thrown back in the river	0
dreamy and evocative	1
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything	0
might describe as a castrated	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly	1
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	1
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	1
unclean	0
fabricated	0
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
he delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
punchier	1
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
like a masterpiece	1
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	1
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality	0
understand everyone 's point of view	1
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
unsalvageability	0
aggravating and tedious .	0
, provocative and vainglorious	0
summer season	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and	1
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
95-minute commercial	0
one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination	1
live-wire film	1
recommend ``	1
bind us	0
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single	0
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
irresponsible	0
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	0
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
are really surprising	1
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
's nothing resembling a spine here	0
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	0
of impact and moments	1
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder	0
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas	1
far-flung ,	0
entirely wholesome )	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	0
most effective	1
an interesting story	1
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	1
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
was kind of terrific	1
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	0
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
's that painful	0
most irresponsible	0
very believable	1
beautifully shot , delicately	1
agonizing	0
with wisdom and emotion	1
for this illuminating comedy	1
pretty decent	1
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work	1
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped	1
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story	1
engaging characters	1
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
halfwit plot	0
predictable and cloying	0
to fulfill its own ambitious goals	1
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior	0
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem	1
digs into their very minds	1
, they finally feel absolutely earned	1
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	0
her small , intelligent eyes	1
somewhat less	0
jason x is this bad on purpose	0
it never comes close to being either funny or scary	0
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	1
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
take movies by storm	1
like its hero	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched	1
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
almost unimaginable horror	0
to provoke them	1
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	1
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	1
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs	0
well	1
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death	1
fake documentary	0
in world cinema	1
it may not be particularly innovative ,	0
overcome blah characters	1
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	0
might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
having a real writer plot	1
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
are not to be dismissed	1
especially well-executed television movie	1
wrong	0
on all cylinders	1
cleverly written	1
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
the recording sessions	1
better than any summer blockbuster	1
horse feathers	0
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	1
to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
it 's a compelling and horrifying story	1
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek	0
, it throws you for a loop .	1
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege	0
detective story	1
when it 's this rich and luscious	1
should have been made for the tube .	0
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --	0
career - kids = misery )	0
like mike shoots and scores	1
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work	0
one of the year 's best films	1
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself	1
to adopt as a generational signpost	1
enjoy this	1
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	0
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
precision	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...	1
too clever by about nine-tenths .	1
disturbing disregard	0
a typical bible killer story	0
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
, beautifully realized	1
exploitative garbage	0
be shallow	0
and gently humorous	1
that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
's got the brawn , but not the brains	0
an excellent companion piece	1
insightfully written , delicately performed	1
good fight	1
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up	0
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film	1
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	1
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
the richness of characterization	1
philosophical void	0
camaraderie	1
the film is well under way --	1
wonderful on the big screen	1
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places )	1
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	0
magnificent directorial career	1
seems like someone going through the motions	0
a cinematic disaster	0
melancholy	0
constrictive	0
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record	1
an inelegant combination	0
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	1
practices	1
mixed-up films	0
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional	1
plays like a student film	0
realism , crisp storytelling and	1
sincerity	1
poor dana carvey	0
star-making	1
witty , improbable romantic comedy	1
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for	1
genuinely enthusiastic	1
doing battle	1
dullest tangents	0
stylish cinematography	1
a film of epic scale	1
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
funny ,	1
odd and	0
as darkly funny , energetic ,	1
fuzzy	1
fun and nimble .	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie	0
as bad	0
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories	1
keep you wide awake and ... very tense	1
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
discovering your destination in life	1
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics	0
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	1
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama	0
an impressive style	1
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages	1
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster	1
bluff	0
girls , right down the reality drain	0
that it goes nowhere	0
challenges	0
more tiring than anything	0
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
stick to his day job	0
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	0
well-acted ,	1
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive	0
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad	0
an overexposed waste	0
the best looking and stylish	1
the greatest musicians	1
originality in ` life '	1
starts promisingly	1
feel good	1
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
belittle a cinema classic .	0
the film 's lamer instincts	0
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
time fillers between surf shots	0
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
typical pax	0
slap-happy	1
of spirit	1
poignant and gently humorous	1
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
does n't make for great cinema	0
is still good fun .	1
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .	1
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy	0
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
the sensational true-crime	1
book-on-tape	0
its committed dumbness	0
most good-hearted yet	1
chilling advantage	1
soap-opera quality twist	1
of extraordinary journalism	1
reliable textbook	1
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity	1
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
plain crap	0
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
gives us mostly fool 's gold	0
out of reach	0
amateurishly	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...	1
adequately fills the eyes	1
detailed historical document	1
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
quite good-natured	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
well-contructed	1
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
find little new	0
, and yet at the end	1
totally lacking	0
however , it 's invaluable	1
as darkly funny	1
insultingly unbelievable	0
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy	1
open	1
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth	1
sit through it again	1
do well to check this one out	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
at his most sparkling	1
suspense , intriguing characters	1
has its redundancies	0
classify as it is hard to resist	1
weirdly likable	1
you enough to feel good about	1
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
was reading the minds of the audience	1
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent	1
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,	0
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short	0
's good	1
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	0
little time	1
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	0
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer	0
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
the film 's sopranos gags	0
conjure proper respect	1
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
it washed out despite all of that	0
goodness for this signpost	1
barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
virtually absent	0
boisterous	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy	0
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
seek and strike just the right tone	1
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
surprisingly sweet and gentle	1
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --	0
rugrats	1
huge sacrifice	0
into a really funny movie	1
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
slick and	1
impressed with its own solemn insights	1
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film	1
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls	1
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks	0
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer	1
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	0
had been developed with more care	1
it seem fresh again	1
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin	0
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte	0
excited about on this dvd	1
wars	0
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	1
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids	0
the standards of knucklehead swill	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and	1
is a very good viewing alternative for young women	1
twisted , brilliant and macabre	1
big time stinker	0
hardened indie-heads	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	0
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
the emotional heart	1
save everyone the misery	0
cleverly constructed	1
plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is	1
this flat run	0
with a searing lead performance	1
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel	1
in ( the characters ' ) misery	0
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
a brilliant college student	1
too sappy	0
`` empire '' lacks in depth	0
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film	0
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie .	0
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	1
historically significant work	1
best-known creation	1
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
most importantly	1
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
, fireballs and revenge	0
its own clichés	0
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	1
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
standout performance	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
mishmash	0
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	0
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers	0
should have gone straight to video .	0
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting	0
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
cliched and contrived	0
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but	0
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	0
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
taking them	1
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
though its story is only surface deep	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,	1
the delicious trimmings ...	1
a compelling investigation	1
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes	0
a breakthrough in filmmaking	1
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. ,	0
gasping at its visual delights	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	0
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	1
of nonsense	0
well-made but mush-hearted .	1
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece	1
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights	1
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
strikes a potent chemistry	1
funniness	1
rejection by one 's mother	0
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	1
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
feels like three hours	0
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and	0
more silly than scary	0
, it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
hallelujah for small favors	1
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama	1
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	1
beautifully shaped	1
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	1
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together	1
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy	0
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design	0
politics	0
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker	0
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
empty stud knockabout	0
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
a ragbag of cliches	0
self-discovery	1
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery ,	0
the seemingly irreconcilable situation	0
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .	0
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
can be viewed as pure composition and form --	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving	1
it 's an entertaining movie ,	1
able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
the tortured and self-conscious material	0
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	1
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious	0
you 'll know a star when you see one .	1
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down	0
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
more bizarre than actually amusing	0
, giggly little story	1
a barrie good time	1
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	0
a portrait of alienation	1
thematic resonance	1
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
taboo	0
honestly nice	1
distracted by the movie 's quick movements	0
without sham the raw-nerved story	1
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself	1
cheapened	0
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film	1
a shallow rumination	0
daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	1
often watchable	1
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )	0
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime	1
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors	0
has you study them	1
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	1
-- full of life and small delights --	1
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	0
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends	0
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
, bloody and mean	0
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
classical actress	1
might turn on many people to opera , in general	1
be cherished	1
jolts the laughs	1
is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
oscar-worthy	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised	0
unsympathetic	0
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	0
unified	1
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
a large dose of painkillers	0
i 'll buy the soundtrack .	1
paced and satisfying	1
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	0
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
aimlessly	0
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	0
the most highly-praised disappointments i	0
of the ugly american	0
elegant , mannered and teasing .	1
a movie full of grace	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	1
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
ruined his career	0
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
biggest names	1
a good documentarian	1
hate yourself for giving in	0
a feast for the eyes	1
clever	1
artsy and often pointless	0
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream	1
her passionate , tumultuous affair	1
to investigate	1
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool	0
realism , crisp storytelling	1
seem sure of where it should go	1
a faulty premise ,	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
illness	0
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
captive by mediocrity	0
warmth and longing	1
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny	1
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving	0
leave you wanting more ,	1
a pedestrian , flat drama	0
the story has little wit and no surprises .	0
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
thinly-conceived movie .	0
using his storytelling ability	1
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
are too crude to serve the work especially well	0
wisely	1
place and personal identity	1
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action	0
the pale script	0
an )	1
its élan	1
more enjoyable than its predecessor .	1
is one of the best actors there is .	1
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix	0
every visual joke is milked	0
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,	0
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
that he will once again be an honest and loving one	1
but blatantly biased .	0
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line	0
it won -- and wins still	1
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	0
losin '	0
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw	0
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination	0
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers	1
the filmmaker would disagree	0
scoring high	1
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be	0
is a distinct rarity , and an event	1
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
any shoddy product	0
emotionally satisfying	1
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	0
earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
abuse	0
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
their lack	0
some outrageously creative action in the transporter	1
is actually quite entertaining .	1
as well its delightful cast	1
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain	1
exciting new filmmaker	1
do n't see often enough these days	1
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne )	1
insurance company office	1
almost unbearably morbid	0
the movie looks genuinely pretty .	1
the titillating material	1
of family , forgiveness and love	1
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
its effectiveness	1
nobody here bothered to check it twice .	1
of hell so shattering it	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther	0
very well-meaning movie ,	1
family film sequel	1
major problem	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies --	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform ,	0
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today	1
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do	1
instantly forgettable	0
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
meyjes ' provocative film	1
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
the horrible pains of a death	0
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and	1
a lack of clarity and audacity	0
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	1
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	0
looking for something new	0
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -	1
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
if downbeat ,	0
's a very sincere work	1
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	1
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
stupid and annoying	0
is horrible	0
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
into a few evocative images and striking character traits	1
a teeth-clenching gusto	1
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
the cinematography is atrocious	0
imponderably stilted	0
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem	1
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief	1
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time	1
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy	1
most good-hearted yet sensual	1
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future	0
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
very distinctive sensibility	1
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet	1
a distinctly minor effort	0
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
woven together skilfully	1
loyal	1
with so much passion	1
itself -- as well its delightful cast --	1
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
a strong sense of humanism	1
of the most genuinely sweet films	1
the pleasure	1
is strange and compelling	1
this movie is 90 minutes long , and	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience ,	1
clever and unflinching	1
nostalgic	1
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
seriously dumb characters ,	0
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
is not quite the career peak	0
with us	1
you think , zzzzzzzzz	0
, much better .	1
gross	0
, heartfelt	1
seems uncertain	0
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	1
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	0
's not only dull	0
horrors	0
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
deeply meditative	1
del	1
enjoyably	1
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
is n't funny	0
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	1
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie	1
good , organic character work	1
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	0
not good	0
off the element of surprise	1
gone straight to video	0
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects	1
a dim-witted pairing	0
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
close to losing my lunch	0
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	1
sheerly cinematic appeal	1
undermining the story 's emotional thrust	1
the road warrior	1
-- and timely	1
re-voiced version	0
this movie 's lack of ideas	0
grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
more meaningful	1
hugely overwritten	0
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
more than a movie	1
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	0
recommend secretary ,	1
inspired	1
a smear	0
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded	1
b.s. one another	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
best and most exciting movies	1
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,	1
intellect	1
glorified	1
terrific casting	1
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché	1
cultivation and	1
best sports movie	1
drama that takes itself all too seriously	0
into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty	0
fierce competition	1
must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
's thoroughly winning tone	1
it does n't work .	0
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but	0
because it 's lousy	0
old garbage	0
it 's a very valuable film ...	1
an immensely appealing couple	1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
deep or	1
obsessive love	1
straightforward	1
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone	0
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
is just fine	1
a tour de force of modern cinema	1
of ` eh	1
untalented	0
though the film is well-intentioned	1
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand	0
hell , i dunno	0
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings	0
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life	1
the power of strong voices	1
, the stories are quietly moving .	1
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
little cleavage	0
a stirring road movie .	1
is consistently	1
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
arresting	1
a rather brilliant little cult item :	1
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates	1
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
about identity and alienation	0
afghan tragedies	0
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	0
's badder than bad .	0
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect	1
charm or texture	1
the worst film	0
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way	1
is that it does n't make any sense	0
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
schiffer	1
never takes hold .	0
slow and	0
interesting character	1
gain the unconditional love she seeks	0
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	1
the humans are acting like puppets	0
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	1
so unabashedly hopeful	1
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	0
the limits of what a film can be ,	0
increasingly incoherent fashion	0
of joyful solo performance	1
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	1
secondary	0
fascinating case study	1
the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie	1
communicate the truth of the world	1
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
a dead-end existence	0
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future	1
a good music documentary ,	1
iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin	1
turbulent self-discovery	1
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer	0
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	0
always looks good	1
good movie	1
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip --	0
politics , power and	1
about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,	0
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel	1
a winning piece	1
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight	0
fashioned an absorbing look	1
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
his strongest performance since the doors	1
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
watchable	1
dry of humor , verve and fun	0
grating and tedious .	0
so vivid	1
: it 's not scary in the slightest .	0
of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	0
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
was daniel day-lewis .	1
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	1
emotional blandness	0
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and	0
betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
a kingdom	1
on no level whatsoever for me	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	0
's never dull and always looks good .	1
priggish	0
a ripping good yarn	1
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front	1
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time	1
particularly amateurish	0
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor	1
these guys ' superhuman capacity	1
, personal film	1
drug abuse	0
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
giggles	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	0
's both charming and well	1
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
believable performances	1
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
the overuse of special effects	0
conventional but heartwarming	1
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
of dishonesty	0
would stoop so low	0
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	0
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
pouty-lipped poof	0
evil , monstrous lunatic	0
enough to sustain laughs	1
beauty to behold	1
terribly monotonous	0
solid movie	1
a satisfying destination	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie	0
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	0
it might have held my attention , but	0
important and exhilarating	1
insightful moments	1
rich historical subject	1
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
has had a successful career in tv	1
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy	1
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
was particularly funny	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here ,	1
very original	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake	1
limpid and conventional historical fiction	0
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable	0
gentle but insistent sincerity	1
sending the audience	1
deeply biased	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access	1
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	1
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
the way chekhov is funny	1
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
in its own simplicity	1
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors	1
a ridiculous wig	0
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world	1
tasteless and	0
with every cinematic tool	1
awesome	1
damaged-goods	0
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband	1
fun and reminiscent	1
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece	0
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	1
the strain of its plot contrivances	0
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	0
heaven is one such beast	1
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one	0
dumb	0
the writing is insipid	0
emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
constricted	0
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists	1
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel	0
month	1
its script and execution	1
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
intermittently powerful study	1
most excruciating 86 minutes one	0
philosophers , not filmmakers	0
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
its courageousness , and comedic employment	1
recommend this film more	1
already obscure	0
the real horror may be waiting for us at home	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ...	0
the cultural distinctions	1
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is	0
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music	1
visual gags	0
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	0
ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
denouement	0
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time	1
strong themes of familial ties	1
( b )	1
unconcerned	0
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting	0
finely crafted	1
where human nature should be ingratiating	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny	0
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	0
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay	0
the best date movie	1
makes you feel genuinely good	1
a series of riveting set pieces	1
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted	0
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	1
most jaded	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but	0
witty and often surprising	1
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	0
without thrills and a mystery devoid	0
great american adventure	1
hearts and minds	1
bogs down in insignificance ,	0
plucks	1
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
elegance and	1
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale	1
boring talking heads ,	0
powerful and reasonably fulfilling	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end	1
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	0
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	1
assured in its execution	1
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
of direct-to-video nash	0
seriously dumb characters	0
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	0
inspiring hope	1
picked me up , swung me around ,	1
is simply too overdone	0
creativity , and fearlessness	1
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell	0
is way too indulgent	0
, blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
it is effective	1
achieves its main strategic objective :	1
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
it was going to be	1
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	1
a rather listless amble down	0
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
tries to be smart	0
funny , insightfully human	1
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy	1
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	1
the surprise ending is revealed	1
wise-beyond-her-years	1
as easy to be bored by as your abc 's	0
dreary , humorless soap opera	0
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives	1
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	0
unfortunate title	0
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating	1
stunning animation	1
some comic sparks	1
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed	0
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me	0
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer	0
perfect for a ballplayer	1
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy	1
evocative imagery	1
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach	0
alert , if not	1
own quirky hipness	1
letdown .	0
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable	0
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
far funnier	1
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre	1
be consigned to the dustbin of history	0
impressive style	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works	1
a smart	1
he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
almost senseless	0
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much	0
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey	0
not-so-divine	0
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
meaty subject	1
the self-destructiveness	0
cinderella	1
shakespeare 's macbeth	1
man cliché	0
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --	0
monotony	0
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
the three leads produce adequate performances , but	1
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
a new treasure of the hermitage	1
's also one of the smartest	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	0
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit	0
an unflinching and objective look	1
average kid-empowerment fantasy	1
wonderfully	1
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	0
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	1
has not a trace of humanity or empathy	0
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision	0
glows	1
much like its easily dismissive	0
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
inexpressible and drab wannabe	0
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche	0
overladen with plot conceits	0
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
was at least funny	1
brainless , but	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad ,	0
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	1
gritty police thriller	1
he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
the film 's plot may be shallow ,	0
with the terrifying message	0
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
of ridiculousness	0
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	1
this an eminently engrossing film	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	0
plays like clueless does south fork .	0
punishable by chainsaw	0
dreadful romance	0
this is even better than the fellowship .	1
has worked wonders with the material	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .	1
unconvincing	0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,	0
flourishes and	1
worst -- and only -- killer website movie	0
an enthusiastic charm	1
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line	0
consistent embracing humanity	1
-- as well its delightful cast --	1
guy gets girl	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet	0
the best actors	1
ca n't recommend it .	0
which awards animals the respect they	1
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
the rollicking dark humor	1
fails to provoke them	0
a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script	1
the thrill of the chill	1
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
german jewish refugees	0
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
an impressive hybrid .	1
is extremely funny	1
most uncanny	1
told a nice little story in the process	1
is that it 's actually watchable .	1
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
plot conceits	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	0
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone	1
hampered	0
at every faltering half-step of its development	0
good theatre	1
redeemed by its stars	1
historical truth and realism	1
that seems tailor	1
hailed	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos	0
bubbly	1
major-league	1
gives her best	1
, comfortable	1
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater	1
a performance that is masterly	1
well worthwhile	1
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	0
ambitious `	1
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
a modern motion picture	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,	0
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	0
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance	1
a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
's neither original nor terribly funny	0
's that good	1
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light	0
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose	0
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
grade-school audience	0
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media	0
trudge	0
until the final act	1
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
cute animals	1
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
surprisingly juvenile	0
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
delightfully charming --	1
successful on other levels	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and	0
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
a great performance and	1
the film is a hilarious adventure	1
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others	1
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
forced funniness	0
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
you reach the finale	1
a worthwhile effort	1
tawdry	0
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
questionable kind	0
whiney	0
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade	1
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
of the best movies of the year	1
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
carry the film	1
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food	1
exactly what it wants to be	1
the first fatal attraction	1
lost the politics and the social observation	0
as a real movie	1
in all , a great party	1
this rich and luscious	1
's being conned right up to the finale	0
discomfort and embarrassment	0
a young robert deniro	1
forefront	1
to mention absolutely refreshed	1
new , or inventive , journey	1
it pushes its agenda too forcefully	0
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import	1
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake	0
a remarkably insightful	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	1
wasted in it	0
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	0
beautiful , evocative	1
interesting topic	1
the best in recent memory	1
the upbeat ending	1
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	0
humane	1
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	0
incomprehensible	0
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	0
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot	0
he has severe body odor	0
even worse than its title	0
beguiling serenity and poise	1
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
's well worth spending some time with	1
if tragic )	0
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
shoestring and unevenly	0
does a solid job	1
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count	1
long , slow and dreary	0
to cliches and pat storytelling	0
where their heads were	0
head-turner	1
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light	1
uncompelling	0
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	1
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity	0
every suspenseful cliché	0
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
just about the surest bet	1
as it is interminable	0
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
hole-ridden	0
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
a stadium-seat megaplex	1
a pasolini film without passion or politics	0
hot-button items	1
a funny moment or	1
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
a grand tour	1
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
enormous feeling	1
dim-witted and lazy spin-off	0
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
exuberant	1
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy	1
has done his homework and	1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes	1
fabulously funny	1
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
greatest films	1
an underachiever	0
dumplings	1
cheesy backdrops ,	0
hard to make the most of a bumper	0
a great american adventure and	1
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations	1
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .	0
the book 's irreverent energy	1
we have no idea what in creation is going on	0
playful but highly studied	1
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
at a failure of our justice system	0
less than adorable	0
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown	1
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	0
is still very much worth	1
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
so sloppy	0
is interesting	1
sorvino is delightful in the central role .	1
, the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
earnestness remarkably well	1
happy , heady jumble	1
nonsensical and laughable plotting	0
demanding	0
aids	0
the rich promise	1
for laughs	1
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
this is no `` waterboy ! ''	0
lift	1
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ...	1
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
to unexpected heights	1
refracting	0
amiable	1
thrilling movie	1
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or	0
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags	0
done that ... a thousand times	0
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times	1
elegantly colorful look	1
there 's no real sense of suspense ,	0
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,	0
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
an accuracy	1
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film	0
is smart	1
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	1
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid	0
informative and breathtakingly spectacular	1
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	0
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
major pleasures	1
recommend it for its originality alone	1
and surehanded direction	1
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere	0
genuinely witty	1
the pleasure of watching them	1
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,	0
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
good stuff	1
's a dark , gritty story	1
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect	1
the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
would reach for a barf bag	0
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	0
what makes this film special	1
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
audience falls asleep	0
funny scenes	1
imaginative and	1
become expert fighters	1
to shout insults at the screen	0
a bit of a phony relationship	0
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes	0
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	0
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
enjoyable level	1
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	0
the animation master	1
is spooky and subtly	1
lagging near the finish line	0
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction	1
the material	1
best korean film	1
marred	0
worthwhile documentary	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --	1
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
a painful elegy and	0
is unfocused ,	0
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work	0
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure	1
never clearly defines his characters	0
comedy , caper thrills	1
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
is plenty of fun for all .	1
bland actors	0
a full-length classic	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,	0
are of the highest and the performances	1
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child	1
begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	0
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	0
bland hollywood romance	0
and good intentions	1
wear thin	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,	1
squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
uncommonly pleasurable	1
are paper thin	0
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller	1
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before	1
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism	1
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
surprisingly charming and even witty	1
of the lovable-loser protagonist	1
has created a brilliant motion picture	1
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious	1
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
drop everything and run to ichi	1
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say ,	0
talkiness	0
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	0
of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and	1
all awkward ,	0
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters	0
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something	0
best sequel	1
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas	1
relative letdown .	0
worth a summertime look-see	1
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels	1
sensuality and a conniving wit	1
relentlessly saccharine	0
evil dead ii	1
plays as dramatic	1
some very good acting , dialogue ,	1
has a monopoly on mindless action	0
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
with passion	1
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	0
substantial depth	1
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge	0
castrated	0
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés	0
with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
as little cleavage	1
to some talented performers	1
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	1
pallid	0
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	0
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
wonderful tale	1
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions	1
exploitative	0
the most surprising thing	1
hypnotically dull .	0
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness	1
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape	1
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
funny , subtle , and resonant	1
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl	0
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures	0
talented people	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,	0
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
cheap ,	0
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well	1
clunky tv-movie approach	0
small gem	1
outdated	0
intermittently good	1
worse yet	0
madonna 's	0
invigorating about	1
be intriguing	1
that likely	1
give it considerable punch	1
ambiguous	1
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
's definite room for improvement .	0
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance	0
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller	1
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career	1
this beautifully drawn movie	1
of abuse	0
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	1
the movie 's various victimized audience members	0
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet	0
's only in fairy tales	0
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	0
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions	1
paper-thin characterizations	0
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue	0
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema	1
xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,	1
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages	1
thumbs up	1
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone	0
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	0
majestic achievement	1
low-budget	0
wishing that you and they were in another movie	0
virtuoso	1
low-brow	0
rumor	0
the darkest variety	0
, and intelligent	1
big box office bucks	1
be a straightforward bio	1
treading water at best in this forgettable effort	0
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
, discerning taste	1
and social commentary	0
an articulate , grown-up voice	1
hands-on storytelling	1
to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
disparate funny moments	1
almost peerlessly unsettling .	0
sustains a higher plateau	1
of relentlessly nasty situations	0
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial	1
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse	0
a black hole of dullness	0
a smart , compelling drama	1
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	1
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	1
gorgeous color palette	1
trial movie	1
a stock plot	0
possibilities	1
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
terribly	0
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard	0
is a bowser	0
dancing	1
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script	1
inhuman cinematic punishment	0
more strongly	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation	0
eccentrics	0
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	0
poise	1
lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema	1
never lets you off the hook .	1
is powerful and provocative .	1
been slimed in the name of high art	0
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film	0
weepy melodrama	0
damned	0
sucks . '	0
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either	0
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	0
's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,	1
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	0
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and	1
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
's flawed and brilliant	1
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
using an endearing cast	1
the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
the most genuinely sweet films	1
involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
, emotionally honest	1
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat	1
this much imagination	1
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
shamefully	0
in the right place	1
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
well-wrought	1
minor-league soccer remake	0
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
funny , moving yarn	1
from the classics	1
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
so pertinent and enduring	1
naive	0
a solid formula	1
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
are masterfully controlled .	1
directorial touch	1
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
logistically	1
into some univac-like script machine	0
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
made tucker a star	1
fondness	1
it 's unnerving suspense	1
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	1
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
hate this one	0
messing	0
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change	1
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	1
good yarn-spinner	1
endearing .	1
aims so low	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships	1
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and	0
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .	0
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies	1
a laugh between them	1
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	0
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode	1
that rare documentary	1
checkout	1
abject	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and	1
worst elements	0
for us	1
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places	0
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	0
predictably melodramatic .	0
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,	0
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes	0
quiet , confident	1
it does n't make for great cinema	0
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it	0
wreck	0
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
also will win you over , in a big way	1
humorous	1
stale material	0
sappy as big daddy	0
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music	1
appear avant-garde	1
out of eudora welty	1
stale first act , scrooge story ,	0
seem downright hitchcockian	1
eye-catching art direction	1
despite downplaying her good looks	1
've seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
's a very valuable film ...	1
carl	1
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
subtlety has never been his trademark	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy	0
the power of shanghai ghetto	1
brave , uninhibited	1
the finest films of the year	1
that he forgets to make it entertaining	0
finely crafted , finely written	1
decides	1
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
the jokes ,	1
its heart	1
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting	1
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display	1
that omnibus tradition called marriage	0
satisfyingly scarifying	1
awful acts	0
what it lacks in outright newness	0
the victims	0
, evocative	1
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
capture the minds and hearts of many	1
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	1
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
a wonderful , ghastly film .	1
many have made it out to be	1
a long , dull procession of despair ,	0
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding	1
too much obvious padding	0
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
devastated	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable	1
poetic road movie	1
the power of love	1
induces headaches more slowly	0
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	1
suffocating rape-payback horror	0
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
generate a lot of energy	1
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
bad taste	0
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,	0
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
unexpectedly moving meditation	1
kidman	1
boorish	0
christian parents	1
the funniest moments	1
modern-day comedies	1
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	0
give life	1
colorful	1
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
provocative and	1
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
nothing else happening	0
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
it made me feel unclean ,	0
such high-profile talent	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	0
even though i could not stand them	0
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell	1
plays like a tired tyco ad	0
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
worked so much better dealing in only one reality	0
most practiced	1
only unsatisfactorily	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else	0
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places	0
merely offensive	0
yet , it still works .	1
the original was n't a good movie	0
is never clear	0
no cute factor	0
artistes	1
drug abuse , infidelity and	0
anarchy	0
a film that loses sight of its own story .	0
most generic	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric	0
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	0
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort	1
overwhelmingly	1
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
your idea of a good time	1
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .	0
to do a little fleeing of its own	0
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
a cheap , ludicrous attempt	0
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
epiphanies	1
as filling as the treat of the title	1
a straight-ahead thriller that	1
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
affectionately goofy	1
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .	0
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation	1
to remember	1
does n't really believe in it ,	0
the man and	1
bad blend	0
high-powered star pedigree	1
tub-thumpingly	1
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2	0
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
an entertaining british hybrid	1
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay	1
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	0
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
a film that has nothing	0
compulsively watchable	1
its own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
lazier	0
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period	0
the best brush	1
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
not particularly scary	0
is more depressing than entertaining	0
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing	0
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary	0
like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	1
changing lanes tries for more .	1
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed	1
captive by mediocrity .	0
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
's with the unexplained baboon cameo	0
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
hanna-barbera charm	1
is so earnest in its yearning for the days	1
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
in a dead-end existence	0
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
fare with real thematic heft .	1
vicious and absurd	0
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
ghastly	0
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
it 's badder than bad .	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,	0
much needed	1
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
meaningful cinema	1
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
is generous and deep	1
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony	0
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	1
is a hilarious place to visit	1
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
cheesiest	0
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen	1
that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
a markedly inactive film , city	0
a snore	0
misguided project	0
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,	0
mindless	0
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
a gripping documentary	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
none of them are ever any good	0
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste	1
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn	1
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	0
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering	0
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	1
so tedious	0
unbridled delight	1
peculiarly moral amorality	0
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story ''	0
liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	1
has something interesting to say	1
mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
barely tolerable slog	0
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one	1
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
its invitingly upbeat overture	1
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
might not have noticed	0
succeeds through sincerity .	1
remains	0
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us	0
be impressed by this tired retread	0
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	1
a helping hand	1
ill-conceived and expensive	0
the whole package	1
explosive physical energy	1
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
, vicious and absurd	0
the preachy	0
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
smug and cartoonish	0
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago	1
in which the kids in the house will be gored	0
distinguish one sci-fi work	1
keep the story compelling	1
simply feel wrong	0
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
earnest emotional core	1
a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	1
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
an encouraging new direction	1
foreign culture only	0
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
topics that could make a sailor blush	0
that is all the more remarkable because it	1
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it	1
fairly harmless	1
rambling and incoherent	0
with such good humor	1
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action	0
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	0
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	0
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation	1
thinly sketched story	0
the legendary wit 's	1
a sweet and modest	1
its compassionate spirit	1
entertain or	1
was a better film	1
facetious	0
kong action	1
than the first 30 or 40 minutes	1
see this movie	1
their children	1
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy	0
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
playful but highly studied and	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	0
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ;	1
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director	1
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
none-too-original premise	0
independent-community guiding lights	1
to the head of the class of women 's films	1
a true study , a film with a questioning heart	1
twisted sense	0
's crafty , energetic and smart	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
painful improbability	0
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
potty-mouthed	0
most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
a source of high hilarity	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project	0
we get the comedy we settle for .	0
predictably conventional	0
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
on a string of exotic locales	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces	0
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film	1
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
compassion , sacrifice ,	1
, the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
told and retold	0
completely awful	0
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
well worth revisiting	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
of artificial suspense	0
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
exploitation	0
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through	0
another shameless attempt	0
just about the best straight-up ,	1
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap	0
its mean-spirited second half	0
end all chases	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one	0
that might otherwise separate them	0
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	0
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine	0
of other , better movies	0
energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	1
exceedingly dull	0
harris is affecting at times	1
-- and at times , all	1
dramatic snapshot	1
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
uncanny	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,	0
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role --	0
are reflected in almost every scene	1
shooting itself in the foot	0
stand tall	1
every single scene	1
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid	0
a timid , soggy near miss	0
fun and funny in the middle ,	1
dazzling pop entertainment	1
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star	1
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad	0
too mushy	0
catch it ... if you can !	1
cranky adults	0
seamless	1
too is a bomb .	0
love it	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera ,	1
most wondrously gifted artists	1
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock	0
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies	1
flopped	0
go , girls , right down the reality drain .	0
screen presence	1
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
a spirit that can not be denied	1
for only 71 minutes	1
nothing really happens	0
can depress you about life itself	0
loosely connected characters and	0
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
to the point of ridiculousness	0
luckiest	1
wow fans	1
passionate heart	1
slapping its target audience	0
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide	1
we a sick society	0
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and	1
avert our eyes	0
wait to see it then .	0
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
not exaggerated enough	0
a small movie with a big impact	1
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	0
sags in pace	0
more spirit and bite	1
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	1
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead	0
a grating , emaciated flick	0
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin	1
is interminable	0
loveable	1
spirals downward , and	0
an embarrassment .	0
maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
unconcerned about what they ingest	0
, heartwarming yarn	1
who is chasing who or	0
really poor	0
clients	1
orchestrating	1
wild , endearing , masterful	1
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	0
would love this .	1
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	0
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	0
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
more confused , less interesting	0
major movie	1
very complex	1
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation	0
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism	0
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex	0
utter mush ...	0
written , flatly	0
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
its sheer dynamism	1
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse	0
that 's a liability .	0
very hollowness	0
have you talking 'til the end of the year	1
deft sense	1
bombshell	1
better vehicle	1
similarly styled gremlins	1
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i	1
's no fizz	0
dave barry 's popular book	1
very compelling , sensitive ,	1
worth seeing at least once	1
right into the center of that world	1
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	1
every bit as distinctive	1
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature	1
a brutal and funny	1
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
a spectator	1
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	0
uneven action comedy	0
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
inventive , consistently intelligent	1
trying to forget	0
redolent of a thousand cliches	0
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
's pauly shore awful .	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	1
the affable maid	1
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment	0
does all of this , and more	1
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and	0
which is mostly a bore	0
captivatingly	1
rejects	0
blab and	0
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
turn down	0
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
the visual flair and bouncing bravado	1
michel piccoli 's moving performance	1
musical number	1
a kiss	1
to the gifted korean american stand-up	1
puts a human face	1
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	1
has a spirit that can not be denied	1
unmotivated	0
by far the worst movie of the year	0
noticeable lack	0
number 1	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	1
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love	1
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot	0
the punch lines that miss	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and	0
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
an incomprehensible	0
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
serious	1
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene	1
keep it interested	1
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that	0
out-to-change-the-world	1
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease	0
introspective portrait	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but	0
the toughest ages a kid can go through	0
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	0
a huge amount of the credit for the film	1
uh , shred ,	0
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	0
the scuzzy underbelly	0
if you go , pack your knitting needles .	0
overly familiar	0
, self-important stories	0
generational signpost	1
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?	0
imax sound system	1
genuinely moving	1
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel	1
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches	1
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
thoroughly entertaining comedy that	1
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful	1
bored	0
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks	0
french shocker	1
an interesting slice	1
better video-game-based flicks ,	0
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale	0
cinema master class .	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but	0
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
a strong script , powerful direction and	1
zzzzzzzzz	0
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	0
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable	1
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake	0
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
the cast is spot on	1
seem barely in the same movie	0
masterfully calibrated	1
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
enjoyable 100	1
you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
lackluster script	0
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,	0
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	0
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed	1
exciting and	1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
even more ludicrous	0
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
in frustration	0
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie	0
original and highly cerebral	1
you 'd want to smash its face in	0
engaging , surprisingly	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .	0
keeps this pretty watchable	1
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	0
it 's a masterpiece .	1
that might have made it an exhilarating	1
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path	1
's no rooting interest	0
just do n't really care too much about this love story .	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	1
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
this flat effort	0
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause	1
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	1
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing	0
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --	1
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me	0
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs	0
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
work -- is charming	1
paper thin	0
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	0
grand as the lord of the rings	1
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
soul-searching garbage .	0
profoundly	1
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece	1
that appeals to me	1
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers	0
abundant	1
entertaining movie	1
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth	1
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context	1
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
well loved classic	1
to the haunted house	0
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice	1
genuine acting	1
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .	0
the sad schlock merchant	0
drug-induced bowel	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but	1
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
at its best moments	1
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	0
shrewd , powerful act	1
most resonant film since the killer	1
optimistic	1
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film	1
in place for a great film noir	1
wonderfully funny moments	1
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	1
blasphemous and	0
the brilliant performances by testud	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients	1
trapped and	0
as the very best of them	1
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
blown	0
good man	1
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
can act	1
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking	1
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet	0
nifty premise	1
by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times	1
these ambitions , laudable in themselves	1
is terrific as rachel	1
overly long	0
comes from the heart	1
gloriously unsubtle	1
does n't work	0
increasingly important film industry	1
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	0
is virtually unwatchable .	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or	0
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	1
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	0
clever angle	1
a prince of a fellow	1
the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
humorous and heartfelt	1
is n't quite out of ripe	0
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
stumbles	0
has no real point	0
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
courage and happiness	1
none of this is very original	0
have been lost in the translation this time	0
at least three films	1
erratic career	0
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative	1
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
depressingly thin	0
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
bad animation	0
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible	0
historic	1
want to check it out	1
numbness	0
the leads are natural and lovely	1
delight	1
inevitable and	0
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
dupe	0
fascination , and	1
tells a deeper story	1
are undeniably touched	1
the problem with wendigo	0
awkward interplay and utter lack	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	0
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence	0
muting	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and	1
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
of one unstable man	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
to bowling you over	1
ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls	0
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
complaints i might have	0
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
univac-like script machine	0
its apparent glee	1
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
emotional car-wreck	0
with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
drag it down to mediocrity --	0
replaced by romance-novel platitudes	0
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans	1
are both listless	0
, obnoxious 88-minute	0
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''	1
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
great scares and a good surprise ending	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,	0
with such sensitivity	1
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness	1
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	1
a movie without an apparent audience	0
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
prejudice	0
ruins every single scene he 's in	0
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,	1
a relative letdown .	0
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	1
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
rancorous curiosity	1
nosedive	0
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
its success	1
at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
a fairly impressive debut	1
, enveloping affection	1
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
a highly gifted 12-year-old	1
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	1
remarkable ensemble cast	1
loses its fire midway ,	0
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	0
both shrill and soporific , and because everything	0
jumps around with little logic or continuity	0
old story	0
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
to crack a smile at	1
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles	1
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
be another shameless attempt by disney	0
how good	1
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump	0
stupid ,	0
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	0
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	1
, charming	1
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	1
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
this remarkable and memorable film	1
snoozer .	0
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	1
loathsome movie	0
cinematic postcard	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	1
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness	0
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal	0
a compelling piece	1
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
life affirming	1
the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick	0
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,	0
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream	1
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
humorless soap opera	0
feel like a short stretched out to feature length	0
novel charm	1
thoroughly enjoyable	1
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical	0
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard	0
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --	0
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear	1
more fascinating look	1
to a satisfying crime drama	1
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
a rich tale of our times	1
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
a much better documentary	1
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
in your face for two hours	0
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd	1
intelligent high school	1
grave	0
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	1
it lacks a strong narrative	0
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni	0
are uncomfortably strained .	0
bad luck and	0
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride	1
an average b-movie	0
dreary piece	0
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him	0
deliciously nonsensical comedy	1
of his rental car	1
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point	1
half-hearted fluke	0
the comic effects of jealousy	1
truly awful and	0
scrutiny	0
just never gets off the ground .	0
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
passion	1
flawed but	0
as earnest as a community-college advertisement	0
denzel	1
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	0
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease	1
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	1
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
the latter 's attendant intelligence	0
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
capture these musicians in full regalia	1
the story has its redundancies	0
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	1
town	1
all works out	1
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,	0
understands the grandness of romance	1
a solidly entertaining little film	1
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
emerges as powerful rather than cloying	1
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''	0
plays like a bad soap opera ,	0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .	1
so impersonal or	0
though he only scratches the surface	0
inconsequential	0
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	1
an excuse	0
the logic	1
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire	0
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man	0
feel the beat down to your toes	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,	0
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun	1
it will warm your heart ,	1
a feature-length film	1
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and	0
geniality	1
oodles of charm	1
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations	0
with bogus profundities	0
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
is grisly .	0
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,	1
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as	1
a sure hand	1
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	0
urbane sweetness	1
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	1
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	0
recreation to resonate	1
her subject matter	1
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	0
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,	0
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making	0
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming	0
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
a timid , soggy near miss .	0
of three	1
well-put-together	1
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,	1
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films	1
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you	0
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
the cold light	0
mostly magnificent directorial career	1
puzzling	0
ambitiously naturalistic	1
tendency	1
( but none of the sheer lust )	0
overbearing	0
funniest american comedy	1
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
oo many of these gross out scenes ...	0
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial	0
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own	0
a decent-enough nail-biter	1
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,	0
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
phoney-feeling	0
a give-me-an-oscar kind	1
the junk-calorie suspense tropes	0
that 's superficial and unrealized	0
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it	1
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
proud warrior	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures	0
also one of the most curiously depressing	0
of its attractive young leads	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet	0
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy	1
too dry and too placid	0
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
, barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
an unsophisticated	0
a disappointment	0
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being	0
devoid of joy and energy	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	0
any naked teenagers horror flick	0
given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates	0
is impossible	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life	1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
of veracity and narrative grace	1
often exquisite	1
soft-porn 'em powerment	1
stink bomb .	0
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
the human race splitting in two	0
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
slapped together .	0
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country	0
a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it	0
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...	0
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
of male-ridden angst	0
as timely as tomorrow	1
fairly solid -- not to mention	1
a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann	1
inquisitive film	1
is dazzling	1
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own	0
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious	1
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and	0
a little better than sorcerer 's stone	1
works beautifully	1
cinema classic	1
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community	1
insultingly unbelievable final act	0
an intriguing look	1
's a minor treat	1
a deeper story	1
some very good acting , dialogue	1
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial	1
a bland animated sequel that	0
spout hilarious dialogue	1
touching melodrama	1
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
( and lovely	1
submarine movie	1
a downer and a little	0
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance	1
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser	1
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power	1
to my great pleasure	1
drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina	1
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	1
i liked the movie	1
touched by an unprecedented tragedy	0
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
because there 's no rooting interest	0
star-studded	1
in the worst elements of all of them	0
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience	1
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	0
choke	0
pays off ,	1
great performances	1
befuddled	0
a rip-off	0
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance	1
endure instead of enjoy	0
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope	1
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	1
a fully engaged supporting cast	1
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it	0
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones	1
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability	1
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations	0
hilarious )	1
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way	0
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	0
a gift	1
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point	1
frightening and compelling	1
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
you feel genuinely good	1
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
like nothing we westerners have seen before	1
easy , seductive	1
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	0
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
that deals with first love sweetly	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained	0
the magnificent jackie chan	1
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along	0
piercing and feisty	1
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
the worst kind of mythologizing ,	0
the problem with the bread , my sweet	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,	0
smoky and inviting	1
at least it 's a funny no-brainer	1
tosses around sex toys and offers	0
quirky , charming and often hilarious	1
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	0
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	1
is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction	1
dramatic substance	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving	1
is wrong in its sequel	0
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
appealing character quirks	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
the actors ' perfect comic timing	1
eighties	1
cram too many ingredients	0
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism	1
insomnia	0
's not very good either .	0
well told .	1
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but	0
to the point of distraction	0
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances	1
floating narrative	1
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	0
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding	1
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany	0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	1
substandard performances	0
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .	0
very real and amusing give-and-take	1
chamber of secrets	1
look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
similarly ill-timed antitrust	0
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
entrapment	1
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream	1
dopey old	0
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
an adorably whimsical comedy	1
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
must be a serious contender for the title	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
releasing	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	1
phenomenal , especially	1
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations	1
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	0
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	0
of its sense of fun or energy	1
plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	0
an engaging , wide-eyed actress	1
a lame romantic comedy	0
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
a mere plot pawn	0
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation	0
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and	0
too fast	0
a cheap thriller	0
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	0
that are quite touching	1
america 's thirst for violence	0
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	0
an impenetrable and insufferable ball	0
's already been too many of these films ...	0
, despite many talky , slow scenes	0
the biggest disappointments	0
the charm of kevin kline and	1
most admirable quality	1
confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis	1
is never any question of how things will turn out	0
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
it aims so low	0
family-oriented	1
its dark , delicate treatment	1
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
is a bomb	0
go anywhere new ,	1
be wholesome and subversive at the same time	1
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	0
enjoying himself immensely	1
exceptional to justify a three hour running time	1
make the most of the large-screen format	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ...	1
comes together as a coherent whole .	1
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow	0
extremely talented	1
exquisite trappings	1
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
this is an interesting movie ! ''	1
a bad premise	0
college keg party	0
a sleek advert	1
the best film of the year 2002 .	1
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
sterile	0
is like reading a research paper ,	0
the beast should definitely get top billing	1
the metaphors are provocative ,	1
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	0
seasonal holiday kids	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name	0
wishy-washy	0
the performances are so overstated	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	1
of wit and dignity	1
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
painfully unfunny farce	0
all too literally	0
and sometimes dry	0
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
i feel better already .	1
a powerful sequel	1
stimulate	1
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film	1
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events	1
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
involve a dentist drill	0
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression	0
last count	1
the ridiculousness of its premise	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian	1
for a story	1
a gem of a movie .	1
unimaginative	0
from films crammed with movie references	0
accident	0
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows	0
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things	0
starts out	1
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	1
breathe life	1
it 's insanely violent and very graphic	1
excels	1
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
huppert 's show to steal	1
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	1
comfort and familiarity	1
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life	0
seen it all before	0
naughty children 's	0
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	1
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
excellent use of music	1
those who do	1
favor of tradition and warmth	1
after the clever credits roll	1
worth yet another visit	1
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
brilliant performances	1
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	1
a big , juicy role	1
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny	1
too much resonance	0
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	1
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
so much phone in his performance as	0
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions	1
sweet , melancholy spell	1
other , better crime movies	0
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	1
'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
disappoint the action	0
an erratic career	0
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy	0
summer audience	1
so bland and utterly forgettable	0
is the far superior film	1
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	1
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
, rapid-fire delivery	1
pretty decent kid-pleasing	1
thin notion	0
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war	0
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	1
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers	0
but very pleasing at its best moments	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	1
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful	0
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
a film less	0
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	1
a simple misfire	0
yet depressing	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original	1
makin ' a fool of himself	0
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks	0
how inept is serving sara ?	0
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	1
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
pandering	0
are becoming irritating .	0
staggered from the theater	0
does n't really add up to much .	0
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition	0
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	0
misanthropy	0
then blood work is for you .	1
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	1
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
episode ii --	1
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
trust an audience 's intelligence	1
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	1
's also somewhat clumsy .	0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
's been done before	0
this wafer-thin movie	0
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise	0
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show )	0
love	1
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	1
blessed with a searing lead performance	1
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
professional	1
a small movie with a big heart	1
to some truly excellent sequences	1
a twisted sense of humor	1
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster	1
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it	1
important director	1
engages us	1
another gross-out college comedy --	0
a better film	1
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	1
intriguing and stylish	1
's not that funny --	0
's relentlessly folksy	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
very shapable but largely unfulfilling	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget	1
colorful , semimusical	1
eye-popping	1
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
smile-button faces	1
instructive	1
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
even witty	1
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life	1
laudable	1
set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	1
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery	1
sweeping , dramatic	1
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	1
inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	0
a very distinctive sensibility	1
a road-trip drama	0
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	1
feels contrived ,	0
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
an interesting bit	1
well-put-together piece	1
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
should not be missed .	1
dumb gags ,	0
a strong pulse	1
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back ,	1
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
spent watching this waste of time	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
creative contributions	1
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin	0
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised	1
wise and powerful tale	1
a doa	0
most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill	1
too clichéd and too often strains	0
, something is rotten in the state of california	0
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
the silliness	1
crude	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once	1
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '	0
are some movies that hit you from the first scene	1
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists	0
is disappointing	0
the incessant use of cell phones	0
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	0
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise	1
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .	0
freddy gets molested	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,	0
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be	0
, violent movie	0
an inspired portrait	1
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
poor quality	0
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
one that was hard for me to warm up to	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	1
a sour little movie	0
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection	0
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival	1
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	1
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
very funny joke	1
opera on film is never satisfactory .	0
big time	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	0
somber pacing and lack	0
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season	1
everyone 's to blame here .	0
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
to accomplish	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller	1
sad to say --	0
thinly-conceived	0
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
be an honest and loving one	1
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	0
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	0
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama	1
unfilmable '' novels	0
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
capable thriller	1
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
the ingenious construction	1
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling	1
( t ) his slop	0
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	0
cause parents a few sleepless hours	0
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	1
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest	1
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire	1
an ebullient affection	1
the mark of a documentary that works	1
strongly	1
steal your heart away	1
funny and	1
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
jersey lowbrow accent uma	0
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful	1
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight	0
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
with originality , humor and pathos	1
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
esoteric	1
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
in ireland over a man	1
captured	1
an engrossing entertainment	1
warm .	1
there 's definite room for improvement .	0
keep it entertaining	1
more graceful	1
decent	1
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
household name	1
the film 's final hour	1
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
subtle ironies	1
overcooked , ham-fisted direction	0
pushes its agenda too forcefully	0
generosity and diplomacy	1
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master	0
with energy and innovation	1
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
visually striking and viscerally repellent	1
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and	0
tired one	0
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
sorrowful lows	0
bad movie .	0
of being able to give full performances	1
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed	0
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
trite , predictable rehash	0
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	0
largely devoid	0
too dark to be decipherable	0
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
'' overcome its weaknesses	1
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with	0
very good time	1
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event	1
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel	0
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations	1
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time	0
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,	1
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman	1
gorgeousness	1
incredibly layered and stylistic	1
lush	1
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut	1
is a mess .	0
possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
little more than punishment	0
interminable , shapeless documentary	0
is tenderly observant of his characters .	1
good b movies ( the mask , the blob )	1
is often preachy and poorly acted	0
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality	0
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	0
the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care	0
the worst excesses	0
apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	0
is hard to resist	1
freshness , imagination and insight	1
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
with fascinating connections	1
, sweet and romantic	1
's mostly a pleasure to watch .	1
tossed in	1
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
pulpy core conceit	0
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams	1
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem	1
a must-see	1
no energy	0
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
sullivan and his son	1
a cute partnership	1
uses very little dialogue	0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	0
he just slopped ` em together here	0
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
, cynical	0
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost	0
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	0
as they do in this marvelous film	1
bad day	0
in all fairness	1
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
's bright	1
amusing , let alone funny	1
delightful hand shadows	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	0
charming	1
it unexpectedly rewarding	1
by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut	0
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
realistic '	1
pryor wannabe	0
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director	0
can admire	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ,	0
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused	0
charming and funny	1
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	0
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
rediscovers his passion in life	1
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers	1
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
surprising romance	1
atrocities	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite	0
sights	0
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't	0
intense experience	1
grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	1
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
tragically	0
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart	1
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,	1
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and	0
sly female empowerment movie	1
the lush scenery	1
tacky and reprehensible	0
some savvy street activism	1
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance	1
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
her childlike smile	1
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
already relayed by superb	1
skillful and	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	0
admirable energy	1
generating suspense	1
the energetic and always surprising performance	1
yong kang	1
damned	0
a strong dramatic and emotional pull	1
a major director	1
emphasizes every line and sag	0
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
more complex	1
greater	1
and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
becomes too heavy for the plot	0
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
blow it off the screen	0
appeal to women	1
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	1
uninspired story	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	0
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	1
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	1
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives	0
the cleverness , the weirdness and	1
somewhat clumsy	0
therapy-dependent flakeball	0
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
dehumanizing and	0
of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation	1
kids-cute sentimentality	1
outweigh the positives	0
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things	1
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --	0
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	0
under its own thinness	0
compelling storyline	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully	1
justify his exercise	0
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;	1
good romance	1
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner	0
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic	0
often exciting	1
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
see her esther blossom as an actress ,	1
a masterpiece -- and	1
tries too hard	0
recite some of this laughable dialogue	0
's still a guilty pleasure to watch	1
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances	1
resonant film since the killer	1
has its moments	1
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating	1
a playful respite	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition	0
super-dooper-adorability	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,	1
, i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
unknowable	0
a certain degree of wit and dignity	1
a technical triumph and	1
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty	0
so well	1
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	1
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	1
low , smoky and inviting	1
the working	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
conventional , but well-crafted	1
dreary tract	0
hugely entertaining and	1
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	1
passionate enthusiasms	1
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode	1
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance	0
a blip	0
despite lagging near the finish line	0
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
too convenient	0
are good	1
touching film	1
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
no new plot conceptions	0
its clumsiness	0
although ... visually striking and slickly staged	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare ,	0
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle	0
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm	1
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
cast in impossibly contrived situations	0
for overstimulated minds	0
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing	0
finds itself in reduced circumstances	0
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	0
plenty of fun for all	1
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
masterpiece .	1
not very amusing	0
serial murders	1
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
both lead performances are oscar-size .	1
a slow death	0
of modern life	1
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	1
seems timely and important	1
an admirable storyteller	1
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
than special effects	1
ca n't even do that much .	0
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level	0
unusually surreal	1
heartache everyone	0
brightly	1
energy and wit to entertain all ages	1
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	1
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .	0
so bad in a major movie	0
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds	0
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
foul-natured	0
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo	0
make it unexpectedly rewarding	1
is oscar-worthy	1
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
fine-looking	1
thought-provoking	1
by a set of heartfelt performances	1
friendship , love , and the truth	1
a lump of play-doh	1
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	0
, really good	1
a bad-movie way	0
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	1
mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush	1
buy this stuff	1
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness	1
ocean visuals	1
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination	1
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong	1
the superior plotline	1
well-shaped dramas	1
fresh air	1
perfect material	1
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
rare sequel	1
of the things costner movies are known for	1
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
without being forceful , sad without being shrill	1
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline	0
anguish , anger and frustration	0
from `` promising ''	1
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie	0
offers a ray of hope	1
amiable but	1
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
ill at ease sharing the same scene	0
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
very smart	1
surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
demented premise	0
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
will be following after it	1
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories	1
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline	0
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action	0
unoriginal terms	0
a lousy script ,	0
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	1
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .	0
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up	1
good qualities	1
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
amours	1
that might be best forgotten	0
more tiring than anything .	0
rambling and incoherent manifesto	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,	1
spectacularly beautiful	1
marred beyond redemption	0
this terrific film	1
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
perry 's good	1
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories	1
entertain	1
tepid genre offering	0
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout	1
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
, flat dialogue	0
solidly constructed	1
the pleasure of his sounds and images	1
comic sparks	1
's even more remarkable	1
entirely stale concept	0
its nauseating spinning credits sequence	0
good material	1
norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination	0
meets those standards	1
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and	1
inadequate	0
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	1
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
is a riot .	1
a cutting hollywood satire	1
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	1
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
dominate a family	0
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story	1
awfully hard	0
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	1
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior .	0
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,	0
sweet without the decay	1
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
fine , focused	1
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	1
is impossible to find the film anything but	0
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	1
through the constraints of its source	0
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread	0
this rude and crude film	0
becoming a better person through love	1
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
smeary and blurry ,	0
its intriguing subject	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short	0
the dream world of teen life	1
cheery and tranquil suburban life	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered	1
an interesting topic	1
beautifully sung holiday carol	1
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
untrained in acting	0
lift the spirits of the whole family	1
warm ,	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before	1
completely predictable	0
makes absolutely no sense	0
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
last-minute action	1
wo n't be sorry	1
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale	1
a worthy entry	1
critically insightful	1
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
acts like a doofus	0
the rare sequel	1
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive	1
the personal touch of manual animation	1
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
skims over the realities of gay sex	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy	1
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride	1
touching , small-scale story	1
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout	0
most fascinating stories	1
, outrageous , ingenious	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate	1
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	1
affectionately goofy satire	1
meditative and	1
cowardly	0
is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once	1
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots	0
leaden script	0
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
much worse than bland	0
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
a reasonable degree of suspense	1
smeary	0
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for	1
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian	0
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
how low brow it is	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle	0
that takes too long to shake	0
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	0
absurdist spider web .	0
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental	1
now as a former gong show addict	1
a self-indulgent script	0
does n't necessarily	0
did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking	1
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
horrendously confusing	0
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and	0
slight but sweet	1
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way	0
gorgeous	1
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...	0
hardhearted scrooge	0
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
sitting open too long	0
control-alt-delete simone	0
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage	0
a bad blend	0
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,	0
a buoyant romantic comedy	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness	0
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that	1
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget	0
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
the chocolate factory without charlie .	0
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy	1
full of cheesy dialogue	0
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects	0
is never lethargic	1
potentially incredibly twisting mystery	1
their lack of chemistry	0
as a mechanical apparatus	1
a solid movie	1
yes , soar .	1
a sheer unbridled delight in the way	1
brisk	1
whom the	1
style and mystification	1
better than inconsequential	1
little sticky and unsatisfied	0
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	0
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
plain bad .	0
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda	0
as intelligent	1
gushing	1
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	1
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
great monster/science fiction flicks	1
exhausted	0
most amazing	1
is n't just offensive	0
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
die	0
in its over-the-top way	1
tv episodes	1
effective if you stick with it	1
saccharine sentimentality	0
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace	1
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique	1
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
succeed	1
a remarkable piece of filmmaking	1
to like	1
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
rekindles	1
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
of the more overtly silly dialogue	0
romantic crime comedy	1
lazy material	0
this sad , compulsive life	0
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
harrowing account	1
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	0
illuminating	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and	1
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas ,	1
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
is reasonably entertaining ,	1
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film	1
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ,	0
narcissistic	0
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
it 's loud and boring	0
of dramatic interest	1
mediocre	0
like a lazy summer afternoon	1
's far from a frothy piece	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot	1
no character	0
devoid of wit and humor	0
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
superior ''	1
the vital comic ingredient	1
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
such a good job	1
septic tank	0
a potentially sudsy set-up	0
is hardly journalism at all	0
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness	1
from the brave , uninhibited performances	1
an invaluable record	1
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché	0
soulless	0
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
a useless movie	0
by a winning family story	1
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
more precious than perspicacious	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore .	0
victim to sloppy plotting	0
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	0
enter	1
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	1
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
crapulence	0
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera	0
orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry	0
one of the worst movies of the year	0
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
much of it is funny ,	1
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
the spirits of these young women	1
potentially trite and overused concept	0
do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie	1
subzero version	0
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
simply ca n't recommend it enough .	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
you exit the theater	0
the wildly popular vin diesel	1
has a sense of his audience	1
birthday girl 's calculated events	0
scalds like acid	0
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	0
they grow up and you can wait till then	0
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world	0
brainless	0
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	0
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad	0
a disturbing disregard	0
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
style and bold colors	1
eerily accurate depiction	1
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
amazingly evocative	1
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	1
more emotional force than any other recent film	1
what we call the ` wow ' factor	1
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
sweeping	1
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
so insatiable	1
recommended --	1
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
does n't figure in the present hollywood program	0
tricky and satisfying	1
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man	1
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself	0
with intelligence and care	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	1
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up	0
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
satisfy the boom-bam crowd	1
vapid	0
about intelligent high school	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
high-wattage brainpower	1
that place , that time	1
employs to authenticate her british persona	1
titillating	1
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
your seat for long stretches	0
sickly	0
college	1
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks	0
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
as the direction is intelligently accomplished	1
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	0
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
humbling little film	1
comedy and melodrama	1
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
undercut	0
to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo	1
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	0
is the piece works brilliantly	1
an imaginatively mixed cast	1
as ' a perfect family film	1
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime	1
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
refuses	0
is dudsville	0
influence	1
lovably	1
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
gay and lesbian children	0
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter	0
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida	0
for the better	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions ,	1
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	1
wang )	0
and totally disorientated	0
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
father cliché	0
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	0
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and	1
why it works as well as it does	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	0
filling	1
best	1
such a blip on the year 's radar screen	0
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up	1
educational !	1
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
the guise of a modern motion picture	0
predictable outcome	0
flick worthy	1
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
wonder .	1
is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
best case	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable	1
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller	1
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
feels like very light errol morris	1
putrid writing , direction and timing	0
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
fairly unsettling scenes	0
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
it 's not really funny	0
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
an amazing slapstick	1
is a cinematic misdemeanor	0
done excellent work	1
pretty weary	0
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat	1
by ryan gosling	1
simple , poignant and leavened with humor	1
a buoyant , expressive flow	1
immense	1
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and	1
allows us to chuckle through the angst	1
old-fashioned scary movie	1
' romantic	1
so sloppily written	0
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
that it appears not to have been edited at all	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
the nifty premise	1
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back	0
salton sea surprisingly engrossing	1
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...	0
a glorified episode	0
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
purely abstract	1
sweet , funny	1
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but	1
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story	0
affirming '	1
gets under our skin and	1
ensure that the film is never dull	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
mean-spirited second half	0
smart new comedy	1
effortless performance	1
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given	0
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	1
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop	1
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
often surprising twists and	1
makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
superficial and	0
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,	1
franchise possibilities	1
the primitive murderer	0
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
a mediocre movie	0
languishing	0
an exciting plot	1
visual appeal	1
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones	0
this italian freakshow	0
kiddie-oriented stinker	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons	1
maudlin ending	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart	1
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	0
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
makes it worth watching	1
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and	0
an undeniably moving film to experience , and	1
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective .	0
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors	0
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	0
forget about it	0
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy	0
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen	0
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,	0
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree	1
this poor remake	0
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	1
disposible	0
all the more remarkable because it	1
almost humdrum approach to character development	0
` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set	0
horrible '' and `` terrible	0
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
well-meant but	0
perfectly creepy and believable	1
may really need the company of others	0
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	0
a comedy to start a reaction	1
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year	1
intelligent people	1
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but	0
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals	0
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane	1
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
modest , crowd-pleasing goals	1
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	1
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence	1
explosive	1
attentive	1
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920	0
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,	1
spain	1
through all too painfully	0
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
suited	1
connection or identification frustratingly	0
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story	1
oddly fascinating	1
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )	0
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece	1
genre thrills	1
a rather toothless take	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,	1
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback	1
she may not be real , but the laughs are	1
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	1
nothing overly original	0
genuinely pretty	1
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on	0
colorful bio-pic	1
can you bear the laughter ?	1
is very difficult to care about the character	0
infinitely wittier version	1
highest power	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon	1
his ` angels of light	1
assaultive	0
only one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject	0
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	0
virtually unwatchable	0
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
the mysteries of human behavior	1
check your brain	0
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse	0
muddled , repetitive and ragged	0
little doubt	1
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .	0
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	1
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten	0
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	1
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull	0
engaging and unpredictable character pieces	1
spreads them pretty thin	0
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	1
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	0
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
showcases	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
would n't have the guts to make .	0
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too	1
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile	0
pretty good little movie	1
, what makes the movie fresh	1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery	0
love the music	1
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	1
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
directs , ideally	1
most aggressive and most sincere	1
greatest	1
full-bodied	1
hastily written	0
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve	1
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	1
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	1
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	1
a boring man ,	0
then by all means check it out .	1
impress	1
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring	0
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --	1
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
insightful about kissinger 's background and history	1
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving	1
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character	0
potentially incredibly	1
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	1
dim-witted pairing	0
this marvelous film	1
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
unstable	0
made a more sheerly beautiful film	1
, no one can hear you snore	0
, great to look at , and funny	1
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
tacky and	0
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on	0
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
the funniest person	1
it all unfolds predictably	0
completely misses its emotions	0
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc	1
feeble tootsie knockoff .	0
surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
lacking about everything	0
he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
of ghandi gone bad	0
you ca n't wait to see end .	0
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	0
's not very interesting .	0
torture and	0
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
convinced of its own brilliance	0
comfort	1
the film with their charisma	1
most disappointing woody allen movie	0
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	1
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
interest can not be revived .	0
toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
seriously bad	0
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick	0
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
, it 's icky .	0
in a good way	1
sexy beast	1
come to care about the main characters	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films --	1
if uneven ,	1
remarkably cohesive whole	1
of the same old garbage	0
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original	0
preachy-keen	1
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	1
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	1
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo	1
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor	1
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .	0
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell	0
dahmer	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration	0
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	0
rich , shadowy black-and-white	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	0
equals the original	1
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
invaluable record	1
be any flatter	0
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon	0
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting	1
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage	1
marvelous first	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once	1
on a pedestal	1
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
shadowy	0
not one clever line	0
dark , gritty , sometimes funny	1
rich and exciting	1
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees	0
just a string	1
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
its gender politics , genre thrills	1
, joyous romp of a film .	1
is conversational bordering on confessional	1
it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious	1
in a fat man 's navel	0
to the world trade center tragedy	0
soggy potboiler	0
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision	1
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
inspires	1
her considerable talents	1
tart	1
your seat a couple of times	1
an incongruous summer playoff	0
for occasional smiles	1
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks	1
fondness and respect	1
so intimate and sensual and funny and	1
wonderfully creepy mood	1
one of the funnier movies in town	1
organic	1
adequately	1
than its fair share of saucy	1
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
smack of a hallmark hall of fame	0
starts out strongly	1
hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
quite enough of them	1
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey	0
too full	0
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
the most entertaining bonds	1
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled	1
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
brings a beguiling freshness	1
to be taken seriously	1
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera	1
drown out	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process ,	0
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in	0
it 's boring	0
whose pieces do not fit	0
lacking the slightest bit	0
lucks	1
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	1
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
to the movie 's rude and crude humor	0
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment	1
is worth your time , especially	1
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
hugely enjoyable film	1
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that	1
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
brought to life on the big screen .	1
plenty of nudity	1
that underlies the best of comedies	1
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream	0
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
laughs at how clever it 's being .	1
can such a cold movie	0
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance	1
humorless and	0
the whole thing never existed	0
complex and quirky	1
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed	0
untalented artistes	0
is n't very bright	0
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	0
clever dialogue and likeable characters	1
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
absurdist	0
coming-of-age portrait	1
it throws you for a loop .	1
harks	1
opened it up for all of us	1
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery	0
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	1
disservice	0
is moving	1
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness	0
of bland comfort food	0
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;	1
engage and even touch us	1
bounces	1
intricately	1
exhausted by documentarians	0
have a passion for the material	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
many pleasures	1
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject	1
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics	0
is painterly .	1
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	1
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	1
sentimental script	1
far tamer	0
definitely worth 95 minutes	1
was worse .	0
as he creates	1
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor	1
beautifully produced	1
all comedy is subversive ,	1
enormously good fun	1
a customarily jovial air	1
gives the lie to many clichés	0
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
a visionary marvel	1
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
just a kiss is a just a waste .	0
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
twinkling	1
earnest study	1
vibrant and intoxicating	1
affirms	1
obvious as telling a country skunk	0
with a treasure chest of material	1
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
run-of-the-mill singles blender	0
more ambivalent set	0
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .	0
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller	0
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
intriguing	1
it was at least funny	1
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	0
is cruel	0
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	0
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
fantasies	1
shamelessly money-grubbing	0
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but	1
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop	1
of virtuosic set pieces	1
artsy	1
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	1
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse	0
an astonishingly witless script	0
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny	0
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
are flat	0
so substantial or fresh	1
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
will want to see over and over again .	1
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
old-fashioned storytelling	1
sketches ...	1
brutal mid	0
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
done cinematically	1
a spielberg trademark	1
none of the plot ` surprises '	0
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
efficiently minimalist style	1
striking about jolie 's performance	1
ugly , pointless , stupid movie	0
a different and emotionally reserved type	0
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '	1
effortlessly	1
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years	1
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	1
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
building to a laugh riot	1
students that deals with first love sweetly	1
the viewer wide-awake all the way through	1
, it succeeds .	1
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
mostly undeterminable	0
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us	1
an amazing slapstick instrument	1
very funny , very enjoyable ...	1
if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	0
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
a brief amount of time	1
oblivious to the existence of this film	0
it almost loses what made you love it	0
the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
ploddingly melodramatic structure	0
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	1
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored	0
flawed ,	0
a real snooze .	0
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
for kids or their parents , for that matter	0
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
with remarkable skill	1
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten	1
, and at times uncommonly moving	1
the star-making machinery	1
some strong performances	1
a simple tale	1
does n't really know or care about the characters	0
of being boring	0
sad , soggy potboiler	0
collapses like an overcooked soufflé	0
polished and	1
its questionable satirical ambivalence	0
protect your community	1
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking	1
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
bring on the sequel .	1
looking down at your watch and	0
messy and	0
an entertainment destination for the general public	1
misfire that even tunney ca n't save	0
that it 's so not-at-all-good	0
many of the things that made the first one charming	1
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
the most creative mayhem	1
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	0
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	1
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out	1
ridiculous and	0
no amount of imagination ,	0
intoxicating show	1
expects something special but	0
no rooting interest	0
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
fun with it	1
great past	1
swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,	1
great movie	1
the pratfalls but little else	0
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation	0
virtue	1
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity	1
a picaresque view	1
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but	0
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution	0
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
is handled with intelligence and care	1
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	0
that powerhouse	1
from a flat script and a low budget	0
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .	1
not a strike	1
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
meandering	0
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance	1
laid back	1
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
fun family fare	1
just dreadful	0
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
stylized humor throughout	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	0
's still damn funny stuff	1
robert duvall	1
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;	0
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references	0
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	0
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
is too much of a plunge	0
that will enthrall the whole family	1
watchable stuff .	1
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story	0
broomfield dresses it up	1
flounders under the weight of too many story lines	0
with humor	1
an awful movie	0
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend	1
is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination	1
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they	1
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
exaggerated and	0
magical enough	1
reopens an interesting controversy and	1
snide and	0
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	0
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
one-dimensional buffoons	0
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
unusual , food-for-thought cinema	1
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie	1
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
, at times sublime ,	1
surprisingly entertaining	1
a bad sitcom	0
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	0
every suspenseful cliché in the book	0
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ,	0
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate	0
savvy producer	1
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire	1
a huge mess	0
endeavors	1
creepiness	0
that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
season	1
the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
so perfect for a ballplayer	1
features a standout performance	1
quite a comedy	1
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur	1
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	0
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	0
charismatic charmer	1
some soul	1
while the film is not entirely successful	0
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
even a plot	0
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	0
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
the first one charming	1
as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
we had to endure last summer	0
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	0
displacement	0
a sub-formulaic slap	0
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
it had a sense of humor	1
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments	1
to make their way through this tragedy	0
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
loathe	0
pompous and	0
is hartley 's least accessible screed	0
includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '	1
lagaan	1
its contrivances	1
is the director 's talent .	1
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,	1
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
a porno flick	0
a winning , heartwarming yarn	1
sassy	1
low-budget constraints	0
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies	1
laughed at	1
, then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
holds a certain charm	1
is truly funny ,	1
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way	1
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
performances	1
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	0
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	0
both convincing and radiant	1
a geriatric	0
a bang-up job	1
the right thing	1
suited neither	0
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage	0
one of the rarest kinds of films :	1
the rarest kinds	1
thick clouds of denial	0
like an all-star salute	1
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
highly-praised disappointments i	0
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend .	0
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting	1
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
are fantastic	1
that its own action is n't very effective	0
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though	1
rank	0
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
to have bitterly forsaken	0
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance	0
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end	0
fresh , sometimes funny	1
techno-tripe	0
potent chemistry	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	1
is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
that is n't afraid to admit it	1
an epic four-hour indian musical	1
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes	1
this mess	0
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
occasional belly laugh	1
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,	1
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	1
supremely hopeful cautionary tale	1
of pure craft and passionate heart	1
the tone for a summer of good stuff	1
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past	0
a stylish cast	1
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
's coherent , well shot , and tartly	1
, albeit half-baked ,	0
engaging charisma	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,	1
was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	1
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
fascinating little tale	1
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
scare	0
a revealing look	1
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real	1
a realistic , non-exploitive approach	1
be oblivious to the existence of this film	0
stirs us as well .	1
on the brink of major changes	1
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
cinematic poo .	0
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
nothing but an episode	0
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
twinkly-eyed	1
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success	1
lovely , sad dance	1
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost	1
is n't particularly assaultive	0
the john wayne classics	1
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up	1
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
the discomfort and embarrassment	0
marks to take on any life of its own	0
riveting set pieces	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances	1
his control	0
the leanest and meanest	1
this thing is just garbage .	0
extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	1
undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd	1
lovely film	1
comic gem	1
's always enthralling	1
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
first scene	1
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	1
this kiddie-oriented stinker	0
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods	1
exquisite	1
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	1
the demons of his own fear and paranoia	0
is compelling enough ,	1
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence	1
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
wildly fascinating	1
smart-aleck	0
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark	0
a wholesome fantasy for kids	1
no apparent reason except	0
of a phonograph record	1
be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
is fine	1
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender	1
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	0
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but	1
gawky actor	0
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it	1
brave and	1
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	1
by turns very dark and very funny .	1
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
grows on you -- like a rash	0
of its marks	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	1
wonderful acting clinic	1
give exposure to some talented performers	1
truly larger-than-life character	1
that it 's also one of the smartest	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness	0
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	1
so downbeat and nearly humorless	0
the cleverness	1
all awkward	0
the improperly hammy performance	0
grows on you --	1
inspiring ,	1
homogenized and a bit contrived	0
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue	0
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
terrifying message	0
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
are some fairly unsettling scenes	0
lightweight but appealing .	1
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout	1
succeeds	1
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	1
a funny yet dark and seedy clash	1
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care	1
wonderfully sprawling	1
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact )	0
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
... watching it was painful .	0
proficient , dull	0
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
the very best movies	1
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -	0
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
of visual charm	1
than losers	0
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
never quite ignites .	0
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults	1
the grandness of romance	1
imbued with passion and attitude	1
a profoundly stupid affair	0
large cast	1
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue	0
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	1
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience	0
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that	0
the perfect festival film	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one	0
cheered at just that	1
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot	0
to the dustbin of history	0
fling gags at it	0
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	1
some laughs in this movie	1
also rocks	1
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature	1
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics	1
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
entertaining and moving	1
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997	0
complex than its sunny disposition	1
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey	1
's still too burdened by the actor	0
effecting change and inspiring hope	1
keep them guessing	1
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	1
more complex and honest	1
of tradition and warmth	1
, big-hearted and frequently	1
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
, and totally disorientated	0
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map	0
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix	1
nothing wrong with performances here ,	1
, illuminating study	1
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	0
fires the winning shot	1
sordid and disgusting	0
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
loved this film .	1
includes too much obvious padding	0
indescribably bad	0
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
it 's a ripper of a yarn and	1
about otherwise dull subjects	0
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	0
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
a life like this can sound so dull	0
extraordinarily rich landscape	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and	0
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action	1
look at morality , family , and social expectation	1
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle	0
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
is repetitious	0
the formula feel fresh	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and	0
look like a masterpiece	1
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations	1
illiterate	0
a good film in `` trouble every day	1
feeble	0
smart and entirely charming	1
such a companionable couple	1
the top of their lungs	1
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction	0
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
meandering , low on energy , and	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose	1
only surprise	0
remarkable achival film	1
his clamorous approach	0
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas	1
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	1
a good thing	1
inadvertently sidesplitting it	0
that you had already seen that movie	0
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	0
it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera	0
shamelessly enjoyed it	1
wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
real magic	1
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	0
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
possibly the sturdiest example yet	1
nothing wrong with performances here	1
emptiness and maddeningly	0
of beautiful movement and inside information	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	0
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
suspense , intriguing characters and	1
visually striking and	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
over with	0
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work	0
vintage looney tunes	1
annoying	0
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	1
bland police procedural details , fiennes	0
of motherhood and desperate mothers	0
acidic all-male	0
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out	0
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	0
for one of the worst movies of one year	0
is difficult to fathom	0
touching and tender	1
more interesting -- and , dare i say ,	1
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	0
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
's pure entertainment	1
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
rude black comedy	0
movie-biz	0
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ,	0
imaginative kid 's movie	1
did n't mean much to me	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived	0
a delightful surprise	1
imitations	0
clarke-williams 's	1
the film is never dull	1
being insightful	1
unsatisfied	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and	0
be best forgotten	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but	1
consistency	1
in its attempts	1
prominent	1
all movies	1
becomes instead a grating endurance test	0
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest	1
schmucks	0
of the bad reviews	0
bland , surfacey way	0
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud	1
it is a whole lot of fun	1
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind	1
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances	1
attract and sustain an older crowd	1
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
should bolster director and co-writer	1
voice is rather unexceptional	0
idiotic and ugly .	0
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	1
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	0
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
relentlessly nasty	0
are sexy	1
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	1
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
gentle and	1
reasonably intelligent	1
wonderful subject	1
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
you get back to your car in the parking lot	0
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	0
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	1
lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
this likable movie	1
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context	0
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	1
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
the movie dragged on	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,	0
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors	1
is deliberately unsettling	0
make the formula feel fresh	1
convincing and radiant	1
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	1
is far more appealing	1
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture	1
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
the thing just never gets off the ground .	0
much stronger	1
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
has failed him	0
driven by a natural sense for what works	1
sincere performance	1
friendly	1
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	0
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory	0
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
this comic gem	1
most thoughtful films	1
considered career-best performances	1
rushed	0
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	0
an excellent choice	1
the best animated	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	1
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard	0
dream of	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo	1
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
as-nasty -	0
ridiculous dialog	0
, beautiful scene	1
hostile	0
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up	0
seeing because it 's so bad	0
addict	0
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but	0
sick sense	0
, you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
this modern mob music drama	1
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
flat	0
bad direction	0
sharp as the original	1
period-piece movie-of-the-week	0
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	0
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys	1
lovely	1
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding	0
the scariest movie	1
broadway	1
of the best of the swashbucklers	1
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
solid acting	1
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
that we have come to love	1
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl	1
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later	1
make it an above-average thriller .	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,	1
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	1
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids	1
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination	1
, stupid and pointless	0
the new insomnia	1
, haphazard theatrical release	0
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
often very funny	1
delivered in low-key style	1
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge	0
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
renowned	1
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack	0
humor wry	1
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
inventing	1
it borders on facile	0
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	0
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and	0
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	0
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
its heartfelt concern	1
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	0
gag two or three times	0
sophisticated wit	1
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back .	1
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers	1
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	0
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
pretentious endeavor	0
cathartic	0
temperamental	0
ignite sparks	1
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives	0
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
driven by the pathetic idea	0
nowhere fast	0
stereotypes in good fun	1
the story is predictable	0
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	0
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it	0
counts heart as important as humor	1
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed	1
takes great pleasure	1
lucid work	1
stupid characters	0
as an actor 's showcase	1
unblinkingly pure as the hours	1
breathes more on the big screen	1
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power	1
in venice	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,	1
somebody might devote time to see it	0
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
stirring tribute	1
distinct and very welcome sense	1
bona fide groaners	0
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
in the knowledge imparted	1
unendurable	0
genuine excitement	1
within the seas of their personalities	1
gold	1
love , family and	1
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment	1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	0
is funny ,	1
dumb , narratively chaotic ,	0
most purely enjoyable	1
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
any scorsese	0
wildly uneven movie	0
avarice and damaged dreams	0
the forest	1
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past ,	1
the screenplay , but rather	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '	1
humble , teach and ultimately	1
believe it or	1
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
have developed some taste	1
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	0
rather bland	0
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	0
's really well directed	1
is more accurately chabrolian .	1
nasty aftertaste but	0
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
exciting	1
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	1
complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen	1
of a very lively dream	1
provides a fresh view of an old type	1
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
a necessary and timely one	1
errors	0
something to be ` fully experienced '	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,	1
first great film	1
dedication	1
really what we demand of the director	1
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
far too cliched	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe	1
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	1
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
among the best films of the year	1
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
are worthwhile .	1
too silly to take seriously .	0
the actors involved in the enterprise	1
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up	1
more tacky and reprehensible	0
get in the way	0
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting	1
most humane and important	1
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	0
good for this sucker	1
interesting bit	1
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries	1
a great time	1
one strike against it	0
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	1
unrecoverable	0
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway	1
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	1
the movie is well done , but slow .	0
to remarkable performances	1
a younger lad	1
either 11 times too many or else	0
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
a sensitive and astute	1
ebullient affection	1
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper	1
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
emotional depth	1
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it	1
friendly kick	1
the urbane sweetness	1
raunch	0
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
intimate feeling	1
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory	1
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway	1
most of it given to children	1
just plain bad	0
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
vile , incoherent	0
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
wickedly funny	1
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily	0
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle	0
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	0
grade	1
is truth	1
one-of-a-kind	1
get the same love story and	1
britney spears ' phoniness	0
in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short	0
to make absurdist observations	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex	1
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
in a thriller , and the performances	1
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
shot on digital videotape rather than film	0
handily	1
garden music video	1
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	1
best actress	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie	1
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made	1
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	1
what 's invigorating about	1
shine	1
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	1
utterly forgettable	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought	0
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly	1
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	0
is nothing short of a great one	1
innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )	0
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser	0
writer-director david jacobson and	1
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting	0
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	0
pushed to their most virtuous limits	1
viewed as pure composition and form --	1
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	0
a cute alien creature	1
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
his machismo	1
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
at a bad rock concert	0
love it ,	1
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but	0
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
backed by sheer nerve	1
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride	1
unfairly	0
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	0
warm and exotic	1
absurd collection	0
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut	0
conventional thriller	1
more challenging or depressing	0
, unholy hokum .	0
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization	1
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
a bit too eager to please	0
the dullest kiddie flicks	0
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
perfect festival film	1
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department	0
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	1
technically proficient and	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom	1
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	0
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...	1
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
take the warning literally	0
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	0
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ;	0
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	1
distinctive	1
serious contender	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	1
an aimless hodgepodge	0
doing nothing	0
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
is tepid and tedious	0
the sparse instances of humor	0
a true-blue delight .	1
grab your kids and run	0
most purely enjoyable and satisfying	1
tawdry trash	0
convenient	1
dreadfulness	0
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
extra-large cotton candy	1
to the edge of their seats	1
hip	1
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side	0
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative	0
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
it is disposable .	0
star power	1
, redundant , sloppy	0
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
races and rackets	1
familiar and predictable , and	0
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier	1
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	0
disgusted	0
ferrara 's best film in years .	1
elegantly balanced movie	1
in execution	0
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired	0
a compelling	1
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .	0
unimaginative screenwriter 's	0
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	0
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned	1
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	1
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	0
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
as beautiful , desirable	1
seen ( eddie )	1
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future	1
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	1
small but rewarding	1
the franchise 's best years	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that	0
friend	1
of human frailty fascinates	1
have marked an emerging indian american cinema	1
hate yourself	0
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge	0
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	0
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two	0
quirky , fun , popcorn movies	1
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
compelling plots	1
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself	0
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	0
second fiddle	0
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...	1
the filmmaker 's characteristic style	1
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities	1
well shot	1
laughed that hard	1
ethnic cleansing	0
a spiffy animated feature	1
somewhat tired	0
at its worst	0
the outstanding thrillers of recent years	1
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,	0
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
are infants	0
lazily	0
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	1
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance	0
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
, tedious	0
neatly	1
some laughs and a smile	1
curiously depressing	0
its otherwise comic narrative	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome	1
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	0
desperation worthy	0
humor throughout	1
so preachy-keen and	0
has settled for a lugubrious romance	0
christian love	1
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving	1
well-formed	1
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	0
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time	1
a strong and confident work	1
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	0
thumbs friggin ' down	0
the movie is rather choppy .	0
restrictive	0
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool	1
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
makes no difference in the least	0
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	1
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings	1
humble , teach	1
of the worst of the entire franchise	0
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	0
the intrigue from the tv series	1
create a complex , unpredictable character	1
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	1
all the more compelling	1
epics	1
are terribly wasted	0
made on the cheap	0
's a pretty woman	1
its characters ' decisions	0
flawed but engrossing	1
intellect and	1
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --	1
's also pretty funny	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory	1
equally miserable film	0
contemptuous of the single female population	0
video before month 's end	0
mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
makes a great impression	1
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
only defies credibility	0
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
cinematic disaster	0
's surprisingly decent	1
done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen	1
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
overflowing septic tank	0
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
the small moments	1
the rhapsodic dialogue	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
of a good movie ye who enter here	1
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	1
, stylized humor throughout	1
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession	1
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
being a total rehash	0
timid	0
`` ambitious failure	0
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies	1
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies	1
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
had a sense of humor	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
sandler is losing his touch	0
a cultural wildcard experience	1
and not in a good way	0
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	1
a nice album	1
truly , truly bad	0
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,	0
terrific casting and	1
watch , giggle and get	1
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection	1
it 's that good .	1
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
deeply out of place in what could have	0
shot like a postcard and	0
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
middle east	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
contrived ,	0
cultural identity	1
storytelling skills	1
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and	0
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination	0
is amused by its special effects	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
gives the film its lingering tug	1
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff	0
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style	1
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange	0
is just lazy writing .	0
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	1
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
heated sexuality	1
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
loneliness	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years ,	1
produce adequate performances	1
the emotional heart of happy	1
very real	1
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .	1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle	1
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	0
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater	1
a routine crime	0
shows little understanding	1
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget	0
, mayhem and stupidity	0
are intriguing and realistic	1
the first mistake , i suspect ,	0
burnt-out	0
its chosen topic	0
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies	1
that 's good	1
intelligence , wit or innovation	1
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks	0
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film	0
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	1
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth	1
unpaid intern	0
the incredibly flexible cast	1
more mature than fatal attraction ,	1
unnerving suspense	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,	0
tasteful little revision works	1
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype	0
done , but slow	0
an all-around good time	1
rightly	1
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	0
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
successful animated movies	1
a definitive counter-cultural document	1
with the lovely hush	1
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
distinct rarity	1
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
disgusting source material	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and	0
are side stories aplenty	1
best about	1
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
interesting and thoroughly	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue	0
their surroundings	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling	1
the ensemble cast	1
a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
odd drama	0
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --	1
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	1
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes ,	0
the sweet cinderella story	1
how ridiculous and money-oriented	0
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level	0
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull	0
takes care	1
performance - ahem	0
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes	1
wonderfully creepy	1
in `` unfaithful	0
a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
is greatness here .	1
dumped a whole lot of plot	0
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but	1
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
opposed to the manifesto	1
a good line	1
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy	1
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
courageousness	1
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good	0
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )	1
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness	0
scoring high for originality of plot	1
has enough wit	1
standard formula	0
is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown ,	0
a gloriously goofy way	1
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't	0
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality	1
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	0
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
uncomfortable class resentment	0
offer audiences	1
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	0
crane 's decline with unblinking candor	1
wow factors	1
's mildly interesting	1
as pleasantly	1
cheap-shot	0
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
an uneasy mix	0
redundant	0
responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
emphasis	1
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
dylan kidd	1
gags to break the tedium	0
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	0
a fascinating glimpse of urban life	1
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front	1
are served with a hack script .	0
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment	1
too amateurish and awkward	0
a heroine as feisty and	1
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
motivated	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though	0
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief	1
bilingual charmer	1
dull ,	0
to sustain laughs	1
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
giggling	1
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture	1
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
that 's just too boring and obvious	0
glamorous	1
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing	1
cheated	0
brought down by lousy direction .	0
stylish but steady , and	1
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness	1
the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark	1
delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
coupled with pitch-perfect acting	1
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ?	0
the movie 's sophomoric blend	0
with an action movie that actually has a brain	1
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown !	0
would be terrific to read about	1
famous moments	1
creates an impeccable sense of place ,	1
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
a heavyweight film	1
a cheat in the end	0
suffering	0
of fun for all	1
spoofs	1
grew hideously twisted	0
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny	1
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	1
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
this romantic comedy	1
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog	0
a trove	1
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
too few	0
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
an intensely lived time ,	1
comes	1
woefully	0
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects	1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
a single iota worse	0
is painfully bad ,	0
spontaneity in its execution	1
remarkable and	1
with daring and verve	1
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
absurdities and inconsistencies	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
the story 's promising premise	1
solid , spooky entertainment	1
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
, sometimes creepy intimacy	0
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be	0
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief	1
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
the movie 's captivating details	1
niches	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	0
trash cinema	0
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed	1
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction	0
is no doubt true	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	0
a florid turn	0
all the stronger	1
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
reluctant	0
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i	0
of hopeful	1
of dedicated artists	1
no wit ,	0
agreeably	1
complex portrait of a modern israel	1
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning	1
warped	0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
left the theater	0
of control on a long patch of black ice	0
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things	0
pleasant piece	1
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
the benjamins that 's hard to resist	1
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve	1
truly distinctive and	1
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be	0
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life	0
no way original , or even	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy	1
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential	0
relied too much on convention	0
itself is small and shriveled	0
a heartening tale of small victories and	1
one of them	0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long	1
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts	1
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
prime mystery	1
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting	0
for an older one	1
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness	1
foul	0
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate	0
emotional comfort	1
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
of a sick and evil woman	1
sad but endearing characters	1
hong kong master john woo	1
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man	0
popular	1
a bad premise , just	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
as moronic as some campus	0
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption	1
a hugely rewarding experience	1
an unruly adolescent boy	1
dumb and cheesy	0
listless and desultory	0
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
break free of her old life	1
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
, it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
adams just copies	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and	1
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short	0
oo many of these gross	0
believing people were paid to make it	0
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart	1
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	0
been all but decommissioned	0
are neither original	0
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
become wearisome .	0
through a prism	0
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you	1
seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	1
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
insultingly inept and artificial	0
erotic or sensuous charge	1
radiant character portrait	1
coming-of-age theme	1
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
in the middle of hopeful	1
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
far more interesting	1
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	1
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
re-invents himself	1
energetic and always surprising	1
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is	0
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	1
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .	0
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with	1
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	0
irreparable	0
annoyance	0
a spontaneity	1
cute	1
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	0
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
with their fathers	1
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
making up for any flaws that come later	1
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making	0
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and	1
so-five-minutes-ago pop music	0
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
a heartening tale	1
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation	0
arcane area	0
a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
are uniformly good .	1
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
some cute moments , funny scenes	1
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and	0
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	0
is extraordinarily good .	1
frailty fascinates	1
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or	0
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth	1
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
may be shallow	0
one problem with the movie	0
studiously inoffensive	0
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause	1
, flat drama	0
smart and	1
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate	0
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine	1
barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile	1
would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
way too full	0
far too tragic	0
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
has a brain	1
for that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
unoriginal run	0
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama	0
unimaginatively	0
its one-sidedness	0
some strong supporting players	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,	1
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	0
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades	0
her good looks	1
happens that tells you there is no sense .	0
' and ` realistic '	1
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
touching reflection	1
failed jokes ,	0
a clear sense of purpose	1
ends up being surprisingly dull	0
will enthrall the whole family	1
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury	1
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom	0
, tasteless and idiotic	0
numbingly dull experience	0
far more witty	1
too much kid-vid	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process	1
real heroism and abject suffering	1
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short	0
literate	1
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented	0
authenticate	1
a scummy ripoff	0
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
elegant , witty and beneath	1
is visually smart , cleverly written	1
this choppy and sloppy affair	0
of the grieving process	0
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''	1
into the art film pantheon	1
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	0
the war of the roses , '	1
a most hard-hearted person	0
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout	0
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie	0
crime expertly	0
the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	0
thrilled	1
a talking head documentary , but a great one	1
succeeded only in making me groggy	0
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	1
a really bad imitation	0
like a side dish no one ordered	0
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute	0
a measure of faith in the future	1
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor	0
mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
lackluster	0
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family	1
truly awful	0
an insane comic undertaking	1
makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
disgust	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then	1
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror	0
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
groan	0
amusing and unsettling	1
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	0
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	1
take notice	1
right stuff	1
, can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
leaks treacle from every pore .	0
is good , except its timing	1
invigorating , surreal , and resonant	1
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .	0
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but	1
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
wildlife	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	1
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	0
its characters and communicates something	1
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance	1
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one	0
here 's a fun one .	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	1
the surface histrionics	0
a gut punch	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself	1
worthless ,	0
does n't give you enough to feel good about .	0
wewannour money back ,	0
angel of death	0
chilling style	1
excites	1
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	0
the survivors	1
on this screenplay	1
alienate the mainstream audience	0
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
the concept of loss	0
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling	0
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	0
numbing	0
adult movies	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , ''	0
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
invitingly upbeat	1
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man	0
wit and dignity	1
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money	0
alexandre dumas classic	1
put off by the film 's austerity	0
a better satiric target	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh	1
you forget you 've been to the movies .	1
and thought-provoking film	1
slow , predictable and	0
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
generous , inspiring	1
writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction	1
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and	1
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	0
turd squashed	0
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings	0
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	1
the lustrous polished visuals	1
betters it	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,	0
laughter and self-exploitation	1
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
is full of charm	1
, should scare any sane person away .	0
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
the playful paranoia of the film 's past	1
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
've a taste for the quirky	1
take this film at face value	1
all-enveloping movie experience	1
blessed	1
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
euphoria	1
maintains an appealing veneer	1
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
mattei 's underdeveloped effort	0
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
avoid	0
he 's just adjusting	0
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
mildly interesting	1
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,	1
markedly inactive	0
academic	1
cinematic pollution	0
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	0
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
takes your breath away	1
the weird thing	0
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy	0
draws its considerable power from simplicity .	1
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something	1
thrown-together	0
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
elegant wit and artifice	1
from firing on all cylinders	1
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing	1
what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	0
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	1
get a kick out of goofy brits	1
artless	0
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising	1
opened it up for all of us to understand	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work	1
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
that reaches across time and distance	1
touching , smart and complicated	1
's not too bad	1
is funny , charming and quirky	1
thanks	1
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol	1
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship	1
in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness	0
perfectly pitched web	1
careless	0
makes its point too well	1
they were insulted and	0
trifling	0
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer	1
clever by about nine-tenths	1
one of the finest films of the year	1
slightly pokey	0
become the master of innuendo	1
touching good sense on the experience of its women	1
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	1
dickens ' words	1
between farcical and loathsome	0
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
tear their eyes away	1
right choices	1
sympathizing	1
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love ,	1
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
toilet-humor codswallop	0
large-scale action and suspense	1
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
still works .	1
disgracefully	0
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
holds promise	1
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion	1
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish	0
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
two-dimensional and	0
is clearly a good thing	1
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
easily dismissive	0
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	1
... is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody	1
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it	0
of malaise	0
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .	0
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters	1
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece ,	0
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
dress up in drag	0
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope	1
have to admit i walked out of runteldat	0
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving	1
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side	0
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy	1
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
energized	1
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
nor terribly funny	0
most poorly staged and lit	0
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	1
told well by a master	1
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus	1
much panache	1
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	1
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	0
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
inelegant	0
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching	1
freeman and judd make it work	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	1
`` abandon ''	0
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	0
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts	0
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him	0
most amazing super-sized dosage	1
, comedy and romance	1
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band	1
a lovely film for the holiday season .	1
all of this , and more	1
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
its total promise	1
comical	1
underdone potato	0
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	1
worth cheering as a breakthrough	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,	0
narrative banality	0
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	0
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack	0
mild hallucinogenic buzz	0
to convince us of that all on their own	1
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
holiday carol	1
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
downward	0
settles on a consistent tone .	1
's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	1
shyamalan 's gifts	1
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn	1
be over	1
captivates	1
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm	1
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
smacks of exhibitionism	0
gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
love , longing	1
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema	1
this film special	1
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
chasing who	1
listless sci-fi	0
intriguing and honorable ,	1
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	1
is very believable	1
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .	1
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
actors in bad bear suits	0
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes	0
enlightened	1
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,	0
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ...	1
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	0
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	0
that its story just is n't worth telling	0
amusing ,	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag	0
seems to want to be a character study ,	0
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
freaking out	0
touching and funny	1
most pitiful	0
touchingly	1
's worse	0
could have guessed at the beginning	0
cool .	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you	0
a slice of counterculture	1
, savvy , compelling	1
brilliant motion picture	1
self-destructiveness	0
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
the narration helps little	0
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
spectacular completion one	1
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was	0
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	1
holes and completely lacking in chills	0
some startling , surrealistic moments	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull	0
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...	1
that may not always work	0
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
toothless	0
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
like a spectator and not a participant	0
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism	1
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
add much-needed levity	1
deathly slow to any teen	0
is plenty of room for editing	0
offers little insight	0
a delicately crafted film	1
humanize	1
inoffensive	0
too clichéd and too often strains credulity	0
the major problem with windtalkers	0
a wonderfully creepy mood	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have	0
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	1
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality	0
pays off	1
the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence	0
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference	1
hard-edged stuff	1
a kind of perpetual pain	0
was worth your seven bucks	1
is out of his league	0
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
something hip and transgressive	1
the movie is ingenious fun .	1
as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
stirs us	1
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
, satisfying	1
rut	0
flatula	0
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
un-bear-able '' project	0
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
love stories you will ever see	1
`` snl '' has-been	0
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	0
thoughtful and unflinching	1
its just not a thrilling movie	0
wewannour money back , actually .	0
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
completely creatively stillborn and	0
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm	1
better script	1
disastrous	0
an ingenious and often harrowing	1
is as predictable as the tides .	0
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world	1
a thriller with an edge	1
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
standard horror flick formula	0
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
george 's haplessness and	0
as particularly memorable or even all that funny	0
interesting movie	1
is that it 's actually watchable	1
divine monument	1
hell-bent	0
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
equal laughs	1
nerds	1
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat	0
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling	1
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
inhabit that special annex of hell	0
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	1
mourns	0
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special	0
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen	0
its punchy style promises	1
dynamism	1
clumsy and	0
real-life story	1
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers	0
odd but ultimately satisfying	1
glorious	1
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or	0
with promise	1
makes a wonderful subject for the camera	1
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us	1
naïveté and arbitrary	0
a grenade	0
never cuts corners .	1
some people march to the beat of a different drum	1
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
graduated	1
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch	1
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	1
cult	0
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances	1
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
its best moments	1
i enjoyed it just as much !	1
banal in its message and the choice of material	0
is an amicable endeavor	1
that 's hardly any fun to watch	0
offers winning performances and some effecting moments	1
enthralling drama	1
have a sense of humor	1
her confidence in her material	1
the serbs themselves	1
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
foolish choices for advice	0
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
worth the trip to the theater	1
very minds	1
nothing funny	0
poorly-constructed comedy	0
has become the master of innuendo .	1
overweight and out of shape	0
quiet , decisive moments	1
seem authentic	1
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
too long with too little	0
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie	1
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up	1
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and	1
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	1
as a friend	1
a good yarn	1
if considerably less ambitious	0
once again dazzle and delight us	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible	1
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
she is a lioness ,	1
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
totally exemplify	1
in perfect balance	1
buy is an accomplished actress	1
more than competent	1
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
of visual and verbal clichés	0
translate well to the screen	1
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
drag an audience	0
felt with a sardonic jolt	0
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life	1
endearing about it	1
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
would do better elsewhere	0
, structure and rhythms	1
completely lacking in chills	0
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
their luster	1
a little weak	0
should be able to find better entertainment	0
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and	1
are in perfect balance .	1
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
but unfortunately also	0
that loses sight of its own story	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .	0
a subtle and richly internalized performance	1
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
shaky , uncertain film	0
new friends	1
to lift the spirits of the whole family	1
poverty	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top	0
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
really has no place to go since simone is not real	0
profoundly stupid	0
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film	0
to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .	1
witless and utterly pointless	0
of shape	1
a throwback war movie	1
a big splash	1
one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director	1
contrived and secondhand	0
stands as one of the great films about movie love	1
this one feels like a life sentence	0
`` wild ride ''	1
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films	0
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up	1
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
remotely topical or sexy	0
give you	1
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies	1
works - mostly due to its superior cast	1
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
rash	0
terrorism	0
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds	0
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers	1
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
an enjoyable choice	1
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
done , so primitive in technique	0
the past via surrealist flourishes	1
difficult	0
never fails him	1
it 's all quite tasteful to look at	1
nice , harmless date film	1
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .	1
most pitiful directing	0
, is extraordinary .	1
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely	1
blatant derivativeness	0
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break	0
trudge out of the theater feeling	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but	0
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
accepting him in the role	1
inventive ,	1
conceptually brilliant	1
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and	1
should strike a nerve in many .	1
is more timely now than ever .	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck	0
fresh and raw	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree	1
virtually no understanding of it	0
empty head	0
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly	0
an irrepressible passion	1
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,	0
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed	1
strong , measured work	1
gesturing	1
intelligent screenplay	1
marvelous first 101	1
good laughs	1
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life	1
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming	0
's also not very good .	0
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	0
looks as if it belongs on the big screen	1
is stiff or just plain bad	0
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
a brilliant motion picture	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world	1
integrity	1
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
holocaust escape story	1
rare movie	1
realize , much to our dismay	0
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego	0
as powerful rather than cloying	1
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?	0
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
lousy tarantino imitations	0
when it drags	0
true love	1
together frustrating	0
i wanted more .	0
bad-movie way	0
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	1
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	1
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,	1
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,	0
it 's a funny no-brainer	1
drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired	0
has n't graduated from junior high school	0
that few will bother thinking it all through	0
like a prison stretch	0
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
very interesting	1
see the it	1
horribly depressing and not very well done	0
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
can say	0
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
cold and dead	0
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
it 's supposed to feel funny and light	0
an undeniably intriguing film	1
difficult , endless	0
quite a nosedive	0
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy	0
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work	1
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort	1
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	1
most thoughtful fictional examination	1
fascinating connections	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	0
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
an authentic feel	1
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide	1
distracted rhythms	0
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
great to look at	1
stays there for the duration	1
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie	1
make the stones weep --	1
gem	1
digital	1
impeccable comic timing	1
most oddly honest hollywood document	1
a bored cage	0
structured and well-realized	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	0
a clever	1
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies	1
marvelously	1
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted	1
actually makes the heart soar	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic ,	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
the delusions	0
could be a single iota worse ...	0
nice piece	1
rock solid family fun	1
shame on writer/director vicente aranda	0
are presented in convincing way	1
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day	0
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,	0
repetitive	0
ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
pretty good little movie .	1
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	1
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective	1
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	0
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
that keeps you	1
is a director to watch .	1
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	0
a diverse and astonishingly articulate	1
of familial separation and societal betrayal	1
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
stunt-hungry dimwits	0
alternately hilarious and sad	1
laughably	0
a real documentary	1
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
relentlessly globalizing	0
a poignant and wryly amusing film	1
cuts corners	0
the most accomplished work	1
this bold move works	1
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex	1
poetry in motion	1
little alien	0
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
moving story	1
give you enough to feel good about	1
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	0
go back and choose to skip it	0
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ,	1
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	0
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .	1
influential	1
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula	1
of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
the film ) works	1
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	0
our reality tv obsession ,	0
is good ,	1
originality	1
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson	1
inauthentic at its core	0
one-sided	0
excruciating demonstration	0
to its ultimate demise	0
one makes	1
where the film falters is in its tone .	0
, intelligence and verve	1
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor	0
a movie with depth	1
the humor is recognizably plympton	1
a real howler	1
leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
sometimes inexpressive	0
a fun and funky look	1
charmless witch	0
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	0
fumbled	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless	0
are faithful to melville 's plotline , they	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,	1
is its essential problem	0
that memorable , but as downtown	1
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
recharged	1
a stale , overused cocktail	0
, compelling story	1
his dead mother	0
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works	1
reviewers	1
is a convincing one	1
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	0
describes this film : honest	1
see the forest for the trees	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and	0
another day of brit cinema	0
an enjoyable above average summer diversion	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough	1
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
idiocy	0
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them	0
attributable to a movie like this	1
for the ones that do n't come off	1
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary	0
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	0
attractive men	1
on the promise of excitement	1
is definitely a cut above the rest	1
the characters are so generic	0
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann	1
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
overcome its weaknesses	1
slack complacency	0
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie	0
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	0
with a life-affirming message	1
an intriguing what-if premise	1
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
but no sense of pride or shame	0
like any good romance	1
in pain	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling	0
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,	1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
another genre exercise	0
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice	0
improves upon the original hit movie	1
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
to spare wildlife	1
intolerant	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
warm and	1
a tragic love story	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
high-spirited	1
that rare animal	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,	0
show more of the dilemma , rather than	0
funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just	0
cloying messages	0
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,	1
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies	1
family	1
tnt	1
hollywood program	1
the buoyant energy level	1
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments	0
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
rambling incoherence	0
new inspiration	1
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art	0
to sell us on this twisted love story	1
beautiful stars	1
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	0
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	1
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an )	0
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
madonna is one helluva singer .	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive	0
a brilliant college student --	1
stay away .	0
its recycled aspects , implausibility	0
it makes you feel like a chump	0
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
obscenity is at hand	0
but none of which amounts to much of a story	0
the most depressing movie-going experiences	0
dicey	0
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of	1
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance	1
gripping humanity	1
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise	0
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject	1
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
interesting ''	1
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
reality shows for god 's sake	0
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	1
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
halfway intriguing plot	1
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
a vibrant whirlwind	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and	1
kissing	1
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
lavish	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
as plain and pedestrian as catsup	0
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	1
is fascinating ...	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .	1
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
gets tiresome	0
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
greatest adventure	1
on mgm 's shelf	0
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	0
does n't even seem like she tried	0
few sequels	0
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel	1
with just as much intelligence	1
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés	0
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	1
that may make you hate yourself for giving in	0
spirited film	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
is better than you might think .	1
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
carlos	1
an adventure story and history lesson	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet	1
it the most	1
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
an affectionate	1
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
breathtaking	1
even the most jaded cinema audiences	1
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
with depth	1
guessing at almost every turn	1
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies	1
suffer '	0
wrong things	0
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
first-class , natural acting	1
penetrating , impenetrable	1
ca n't save it	0
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and	0
admirable	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film	0
sometimes hilarious )	1
, hole-ridden plotting	0
dropped	1
of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
is very difficult	0
been edited at all	0
the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
wo n't be an )	0
at soccer hooliganism	0
short of both adventure and song	0
through dahmer 's two hours	0
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
slight but	0
drama ,	0
visit , this laboratory of laughter	1
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
feels at odds with the rest of the film .	0
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	0
an ` a ' list cast	1
not a must-own	0
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care ,	0
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
michael myers for good	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette	1
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
been bland	0
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
wafer-thin	0
look at that clever angle !	1
worth a recommendation	1
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
the waste	0
thought-provoking film	1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	0
a loose , poorly structured film	0
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	0
appetizer that leaves you wanting more	1
thanks to remarkable performances	1
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
the truly funny bits	1
is more accurate than anything	1
well-made pizza	1
move over bond ;	1
mugging their way through snow dogs	0
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	0
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments	1
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images	1
lamer instincts	1
could have been a daytime soap opera	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film	0
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	1
their recklessness	0
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films	1
is inane and awful	0
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .	0
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	1
wizened	1
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell	1
suspenseful enough for older kids but not	1
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and	0
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	0
the most edgy piece	1
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
shines through every frame	1
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline	1
of epic scale	1
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
solid , satisfying fare for adults	1
like a drunken driver	0
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
drag	0
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet	0
evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat	1
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) .	0
right questions	1
a screenplay to die for	1
are really going to love the piano teacher	1
color and depth , and	1
is just an overexposed waste of film	0
's brilliant `	1
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy	1
refreshingly	1
those who are drying out from spring break	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included	0
hunk	1
beat-the-clock thriller	1
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this	0
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,	0
sinuously plotted and	1
frustrating	0
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	0
swooning melodrama	1
out of character and logically	0
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful	1
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '	0
obvious cliches	0
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically	1
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty )	0
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	0
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film	0
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people	1
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	0
doze off for a few minutes or	0
tough beauty	1
anemic	0
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence	0
the most practiced curmudgeon	1
widescreen photography	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms	1
shoot themselves	0
comatose ballerinas	0
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	0
title performance	1
offensive and redundant	0
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
very capable nailbiter	1
bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy	0
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud	0
never gets off the ground .	0
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,	1
grandiosity	1
is that its own action is n't very effective	0
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
fairly basic comedic constructs	1
should please history fans	1
lack contrast , are murky and	0
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar	0
able	1
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
with phony imagery or music	0
gifted artists	1
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	1
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
marvelously entertaining and deliriously	1
with passable performances from everyone in the cast	1
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
heartfelt performances	1
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most	0
visually atrocious ,	0
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
the lack of climax and , worst of all	0
betrayal , deceit and murder	0
want to pack raw dough in my ears	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering	0
adaptation 's success	1
have rarely seen	1
` this movie sucks . '	0
the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	0
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	1
generates	1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part	0
well-defined sense	1
a holy fool	0
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects	1
a solid sci-fi thriller	1
paul bettany is cool .	1
we do n't even like their characters .	0
personal loss	0
to fill time	0
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
one of the rarest kinds of films	1
putrid it is not worth	0
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
's no good answer to that one .	0
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	0
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
the touch is generally light enough and	1
happiness	1
er , bubbly	1
the increasingly diverse french director	1
the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative	0
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
divine	1
from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy	1
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time	1
has plenty of laughs .	1
have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
anthropomorphic	1
, shapeless documentary	0
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	0
to see a movie with its heart	1
overly convenient plot twists	0
flashy	1
failings	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
if good-hearted , movie .	1
fun , and	1
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
give `` scratch '' a second look	1
banter-filled comedy	1
very least	0
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	1
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	1
my own tortured psyche	0
, charming and quirky	1
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
a charm	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but	1
nostalgic comments	1
funniest and	1
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors	0
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them	1
the condition of art	1
boasts some tart tv-insider humor	1
less successful	0
less-is-more	0
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun	1
rewarded	1
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
splendid	1
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	1
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake	1
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
darned assured	1
mesmerizing one	1
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
the film would be a total washout .	0
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
the point of nausea	0
rusted-out	0
of purpose	1
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
take center screen	1
more ridiculous	0
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
's self-defeatingly decorous	0
gloom	0
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs	1
entertaining itself	1
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
gender-provoking	1
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
a japan bustling	1
borrows heavily	0
as any hollywood fluff	0
frittered away	0
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative	0
, organic character work	1
risky	0
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
the movie sputters	0
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	1
frosting	1
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	0
the piano teacher is not an easy film .	0
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
when there 's nothing else happening	0
effecting	1
totally past his prime	0
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo	1
it happens to flat characters	0
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
co-stars	1
, delicately performed	1
cold , gray , antiseptic	0
entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,	1
vulgar	0
quite entertaining	1
very sluggish pace	0
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
some very good comedic songs ,	1
rich	1
the procession	1
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly	0
control-alt-delete simone as quickly	0
a changing world	1
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
marvelous performance	1
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
an achingly enthralling premise	1
the comic effects	1
folds under its own thinness	0
are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
, you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
pack your knitting needles	0
of good actors	1
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb	1
cool , composed delivery	1
slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
slash-fest	0
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
for leonard	1
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily	0
genuinely inspirational	1
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil	0
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .	1
has a lot of charm .	1
an engaging storyline	1
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	0
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man	0
a real story	1
work and 2002 's first great film	1
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	0
both times	1
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	1
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either	0
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...	0
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes	1
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music	1
unattractive or odorous	0
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	1
anteing up some movie star charisma	1
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
struggling to create	0
at such a furiously funny pace	1
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
frightfest	1
talented director as chen kaige	1
sweet as greenfingers	1
one of the greatest films	1
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	1
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke	1
is why i have given it a one-star rating	0
, it does n't disappoint .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
a walk to remember a niche hit	1
for insights	1
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
the subtle direction	1
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
deep intelligence and	1
lethargic	0
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
sillier , cuter ,	1
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
sucks , but	0
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con	1
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film	0
too convoluted	0
astonish and	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	1
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe	0
saccharine as	0
the movie is in a class by itself	1
suitably kooky which should appeal to women	1
we call the ` wow ' factor	1
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
little substance	0
consistently funny	1
run-of-the-filth	0
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
good actors , good poetry and	1
with memorable zingers	1
deafening	0
low , very low	0
a disney pic	1
achingly enthralling premise	1
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful	1
tender sermon	1
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
becomes more and more frustrating	0
serenity and poise	1
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise	1
uses the last act to reel in the audience	1
be interested in knowing any of them personally	1
a sexy slip of an earth mother	1
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
serves up with style and empathy	1
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
every sequel you skip	0
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball	0
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	0
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
will nevertheless find moving	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter	1
more enjoyable	1
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
sluggish , tonally uneven .	0
a droll sense	0
grenade	0
passive-aggressive	0
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood	1
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
at leading lives of sexy intrigue	1
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic	0
a stunning fusion of music and images	1
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
the action as gripping	1
becomes distasteful and downright creepy	0
moronic as some campus	0
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
a gracious , eloquent film	1
should stop trying to please his mom	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and	1
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions	1
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
a classic genre	1
dreadful romance .	0
lavish formalism	1
suck	0
silly , stupid and pointless	0
those crass , contrived sequels	0
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	1
squandering	0
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening	1
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
makes their project so interesting	1
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
right direction	1
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	1
good ideas	1
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	0
the year 's best	1
their outrageousness	1
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and	0
his lack of self-awareness	0
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family	1
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	0
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half	1
manage to get you under its spell	1
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others	0
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg	0
spend years trying to comprehend it	0
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	0
do n't come off	0
striking	1
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes	0
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
is long on narrative and ( too ) short	0
are sometimes bracing	1
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
a hit -	1
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
who 's being conned right up to the finale	1
marvelous film	1
horrifyingly ,	0
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
fill the after-school slot	0
the fantastic and	1
if you 're willing to have fun with it	1
by a disastrous ending	0
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	1
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
the marvelous verdu	1
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
there are entertaining and audacious moments	1
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash	0
perfect black pearls	1
suspenseful	1
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
drags it back	0
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
first love sweetly	1
are served with a hack script	0
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
authentic feel	1
hyper-realistic images	1
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts	0
inane and awful	0
contrived , lame screenplay	0
numbing experience to watch	0
star	1
filled with strange and wonderful creatures	1
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	0
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
be as intelligent	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on	1
nothing good can happen	0
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
excellent latin actors	1
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
uneven	0
sheer audacity and openness	1
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone	0
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments	1
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages --	1
the stuffiest cinema goers	0
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad	0
such a dependable concept	1
artistry	1
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise	1
this too-long , spoofy update	0
barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	0
image-mongering	0
extra-dry	0
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the	1
different , unusual , even nutty	1
marvelous first 101 minutes	1
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
daring and	1
fresh or enjoyable	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
kate is n't very bright	0
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
its thrills and extreme emotions	1
an interesting slice of history .	1
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
mystic	1
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	0
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	0
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity	1
the fun	1
volletta wallace 's maternal fury	0
hollywood disregard	1
the imagined glory of their own pasts	0
farcically bawdy	0
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	0
one-of-a-kind	1
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
stands out from the pack	1
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau	0
land beyond time	1
literary detective story	1
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless	1
it 's the worst movie of 2002	0
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...	0
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk	1
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
some cute moments ,	1
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker	0
boring , pretentious muddle	0
entirely witless and	0
any recent film , independent or otherwise ,	1
of the best inside-show-biz	1
curse	0
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
drudgery .	0
poo	0
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew	0
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse	0
growth	1
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,	1
wide-awake all the way	1
fiascos	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,	1
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	0
impressively discreet filmmakers	1
sometimes endearing	1
contempt	0
unifying	1
soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
it is an uneven film for the most part	0
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and	0
embodies the transformation of his character	1
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
that carries a charge of genuine excitement	1
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .	1
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
delivers on that promise	1
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	1
clever credits roll	1
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
, you 'll like promises .	1
'll cheer	1
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
let the subtitles fool you	0
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .	1
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real	1
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride	1
drags the film down	0
to inject farcical raunch	0
more salacious telenovela than serious drama	0
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,	1
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
the talented cast generally	1
a perceptive study	1
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
its luckiest viewers	1
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
weird and wonderful	1
as the film breaks your heart	1
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen	0
its target audience talked all the way through it	0
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
unsuccessfully	0
the early and middle passages	1
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
a sly female empowerment movie	1
hideous yellow	0
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...	0
smoky and	1
by that measure , it is a failure .	0
this very compelling tale	1
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating	0
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
modestly	1
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character	0
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
do anything	0
waste their time on it	0
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set	1
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
'' comes from the heart	1
more confident	1
remind one of a really solid woody allen film	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
elegant technology for the masses	1
a lovely film for the holiday season	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul	0
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films	1
undisciplined	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	1
that it ca n't really be called animation	0
original hit movie	1
as bad as you think ,	0
farewell-to-innocence movies	0
crudely	0
the redeeming feature of chan 's films	1
more interesting --	1
pseudo-philosophic	0
fan	1
done excellent work here	1
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	0
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie	0
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	1
boisterous and utterly charming	1
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work	1
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	0
the scariest guy	0
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	0
caper thrills	1
oft-brilliant	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny	0
below expectations	1
, the emotions seem authentic	1
'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick	0
with the pubescent scandalous	0
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
got a place in your heart	1
have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	0
, and for the memorable character creations	1
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
confusing sexual messages	0
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and	1
creepy and dead-on performance	1
impersonal and abstract	0
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
has a huge heart	1
more than merely a holocaust movie	1
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
deadpan cool , wry humor	1
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	1
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
that parker displays in freshening the play	1
the most moronic screenplays of the year	0
will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like	0
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt	1
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
grab your kids and run and then	0
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding	0
zany mix	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	1
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil	0
so gracefully	1
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	0
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
self-conscious but often hilarious	1
was more melodramatic	0
a searing lead performance	1
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
film : honest	1
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art	0
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	0
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	0
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	0
between chaplin and kidman	1
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name	1
it 's just rather leaden and dull .	0
( a ) soulless	0
subtlety and warmth	1
was right to cut	1
wastes	0
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
, funny humor	1
compelling yarn	1
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie	1
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
natural affability	1
alternative housing options	1
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
random , superficial humor	0
late fees	0
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	1
is that it does n't give a damn	0
only masochistic moviegoers	0
dull-witted and	0
the most original	1
a vanity project	0
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional	1
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit	0
one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	0
you 'll want things to work out	1
sweetly conspiratorial	1
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end	0
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '	1
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
offer some modest amusements	1
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food	0
direct-to-video ' release	0
as if he or she has missed anything	0
feel alive -	1
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
good poetry	1
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes	0
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
gorgeously strange movie	1
irrepressible passion	1
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
refined	1
the original was n't a good movie but	0
boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
astonishing	1
remarkable yet shockingly	1
sets a new benchmark for lameness	0
have a good time here	1
an original bone	1
a young boy	1
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens	0
stale and clichéd to a fault	0
terrific setpieces	1
definitely worth	1
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
a step further , richer	1
the filling	1
tough to watch	0
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
the light comedic work	1
hour-and-a-half-long commercial	0
with complications	1
even shallow	0
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	0
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey	0
more damning	1
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties	1
a slight and uninventive movie	0
works its way up	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château	1
could have been crisper and punchier ,	0
vile	0
easy , cynical potshots	0
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
an artist who is simply tired --	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	1
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	0
are sweet and believable , and	1
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	1
impeccable study	1
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance	1
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
the german occupation	0
catapulting the artist into her own work	1
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west	0
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary	1
the observations	1
oddly colorful	1
's nothing very attractive about this movie	0
dishonest and	0
a very charming and funny movie .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities	0
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
it offers hope	1
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	1
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	1
goddammit	0
pretty decent little documentary	1
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
is often preachy	0
adults behave like kids	0
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life	0
for some very good acting , dialogue ,	1
smart , nuanced look	1
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies	0
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
hide new secretions from the parental units	0
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
see a movie	1
's a spirited film and a must-see	1
racial insensitivity	0
very well-meaning	1
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang	1
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	0
good enough	1
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
vivid personality	1
bad in a major movie	0
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of	1
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	1
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
make this a charmer	1
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
drivel	0
good ear	1
content	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want	0
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game	0
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume	0
imperfect ?	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable	0
unaffected style	1
iconic	1
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )	0
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas	1
good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
) ensure that the film is never dull	1
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	0
a breadth of vision and	1
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute	0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
the torments and angst	0
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems	0
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers	0
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
in the pianist	1
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	0
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	1
irresistibly than in ` baran	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	1
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves	1
life-affirming	1
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact	1
feel-bad ending	0
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer	0
one hollywood cliche	0
incredibly flexible	1
perfectly	1
pathetic , starving and untalented	0
what kind of sewage	0
like ` praise the lord	1
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life	1
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable	1
beer-fueled	1
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
to care about them	1
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	0
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
own style	1
most creative mayhem	1
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences	1
stay for the credits	1
some real vitality and even art	1
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	1
the compassion , good-natured humor	1
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on	0
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
the laborious pacing and	0
the entire exercise has no real point	0
paint-by-numbers picture	0
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
wo n't care	0
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen	1
make a great team	1
pointless	0
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
, awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
all the hearts it won -- and wins still	1
wanted to leave	0
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth	1
rare documentary	1
$ 1.8 million charmer	1
kathy baker 's creepy turn	0
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative	1
a string of exotic locales	1
is frequently amusing	1
succeed merrily	1
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas ,	0
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it	0
to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
, obnoxious	0
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
how low brow	0
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .	0
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right	1
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	0
languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
the odd enjoyably chewy lump	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	1
quirky characters and an engaging story	1
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	1
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	0
avalanche	0
love the robust middle of this picture .	1
a strong thumbs up	1
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	1
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one	1
help this movie one bit	0
sufficiently	1
a simplistic narrative and	1
is not first-rate	0
quiet , confident craftsmanship	1
alienate	0
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	0
all-around good time	1
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot	0
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony	0
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	1
shoddy product	0
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
been there , done that ,	0
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
noble	1
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence	0
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
skilled	1
all-too-familiar	0
power and grace	1
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
that attracts the young and fit	1
triumphantly	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time	0
the humor wry and sprightly	1
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
cliché-laden	0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t	1
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics	0
film a must for everyone	1
interesting in unfaithful	1
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time	1
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
courageous molly craig	1
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
the ` wow ' factor	0
threatens	0
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece	1
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude	1
bloated plot	0
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	1
combined with stunning animation	1
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
that sense of openness , the little surprises	1
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,	1
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
harrison ford low	0
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
how admirably	1
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled	0
a good natured warning	1
is like a year late	0
is n't particularly funny	0
an earnest study	1
pays off and	1
fails on its own , but	0
who seem barely in the same movie	0
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
full of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	1
aging , suffering	0
much more ordinary	1
an athlete , a movie star , and	1
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
fun one	1
like an overcooked soufflé	0
this junk	0
collectively stellar performance	1
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it	0
are far more alienating than involving .	0
is tepid and tedious .	0
harm	0
an elegant work	1
her bully of a husband	0
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite	0
delightful stimulus	1
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
a bit disjointed	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming	1
like a classroom play in a college history course	0
exceptionally well-acted	1
of its oscar nomination	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,	0
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer	1
a soulful , incisive meditation	1
going nowhere fast	0
feel absolutely earned	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film	1
unparalleled	1
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid	0
ear-splitting	0
tragedy	0
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work	1
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	1
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
long enough to read the subtitles	1
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed	1
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .	1
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
the right direction	1
observant of his characters	1
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,	0
spectacularly well	1
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	1
) gorgeous	1
like all four of the lead actors a lot	1
is amazing , yes	1
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
, fine music never heard	1
it gets old quickly .	0
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
bogs down in a surfeit of characters	0
flawed and	0
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance	0
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces	1
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	0
offers a guilt-free trip	1
look too deep into the story	0
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story	1
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
something bigger than yourself	1
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures	1
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
made the first film so special	1
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow	0
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
spell things out for viewers	0
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	0
familial	1
graces	1
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist	1
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	0
so bland	0
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	1
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
leaving you	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	1
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	1
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing	1
, very good	1
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes	1
into the structure of relationships	1
sincerely	1
intelligent flick	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone	1
of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
77 minutes of pokemon	0
comic skill	1
too great	1
a surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
everything that 's good	1
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and	0
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
hyper-realistic	1
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time	0
casting call	0
the sorriest and	0
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	0
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
maudlin focus	0
reach much further than we imagine	1
a well-crafted letdown .	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	1
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
gives everyone something	1
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring	0
seem tiresomely simpleminded	0
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack	1
, it actually hurts to watch .	0
is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
it is a whole lot of fun and	1
long on glamour	1
astonish	1
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works	0
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,	0
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	0
has the usual impossible stunts	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone	0
does not make for much of a movie	0
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door	0
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	0
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
does not live up to its style	0
dopey dialogue	0
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	0
the movie tries to make sense of its title character	0
the mood is laid back	1
intelligence or invention	1
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure	1
naïveté	0
doltish	0
a memorable directorial debut	1
first-rate performances	1
you laugh	1
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
silly	1
the mediterranean sparkles	1
both shallow and dim-witted	0
make for some robust and scary entertainment	1
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or	0
shot two years ago	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder	1
the following things are not at all entertaining :	0
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes	0
( vainly , i think )	0
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	1
but strangely believable	1
its courage , ideas ,	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	1
used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard	0
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying	1
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field	1
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
like this film	1
should be punishable by chainsaw	0
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
more complete than indecent proposal	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,	1
style and flash	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe	0
something that really matters	1
skins has a desolate air	0
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen	0
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	0
his film overwhelmed	1
its agonizing , catch-22 glory	0
steamy	1
a remarkably cohesive whole ,	1
see a devastating comic impersonation	0
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire	0
work up much entertainment value	1
whose legacy had begun to bronze	1
by talented writer/director anderson	1
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
a beautiful film ,	1
infectiously	1
acceptable ,	1
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
enhanced	1
psychologically probing	1
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	1
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips	1
, fetishistic violence	0
self-inflicted retaliation	0
story and his juvenile camera movements	0
very amusing	1
vulgarities	0
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	1
can practically hear george orwell turning over .	0
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
a powerful performance	1
dumb action movie	0
big laughs	1
if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
run out screaming	0
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	1
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
, implausible	0
thrill you , touch you and make you	1
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	0
exceeds	1
poo .	0
thoroughly enjoyable	1
is , also , frequently hilarious	1
the gifted pearce on hand	1
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt	0
texture and realism	1
grand picture	1
sports	1
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution	1
cleansing	1
as often imaginative	1
in its courageousness , and comedic employment	1
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions	0
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	0
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	1
plant smile-button faces	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	0
's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
getting the better of obnoxious adults	0
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	0
poor editing , bad bluescreen	0
humor and a heartfelt conviction	1
clichés and mawkish dialogue	0
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
energetic and original	1
's just grating	0
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
-- do n't worry	1
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
tolerable-to-adults	0
would be an abridged edition	0
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics	0
unaware	0
hooks us	1
satisfyingly	1
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	0
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
bring cohesion	1
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	1
is sappy and amateurish	0
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this	0
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
can render it anything but laughable .	0
tries and tries hard	1
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense	1
is doomed by its smallness	0
do n't need to try very hard	0
as another key contribution	1
something a little more special behind it :	1
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	1
a joy	1
nebrida	1
tics	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and	1
you liked the previous movies in the series	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
lacks dramatic punch and depth	0
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
merits	1
emerged as hilarious lunacy	1
hole-ridden plotting	0
appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,	0
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
got it right	1
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
were insulted	1
great help	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	0
's best served cold	1
the bad reviews	0
the talk alone is enough to keep us	1
a very well-meaning movie ,	1
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors	1
there are laughs aplenty	1
something rare and riveting	1
soulful , incisive meditation	1
the need for national health insurance	1
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while	1
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
charming , sometimes infuriating	1
a walk to remember ''	1
a confusing drudgery .	0
you 're an agnostic carnivore	0
vibrant charm	1
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure	0
no charm , no laughs	0
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency	0
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range	1
mindless	0
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received	1
their own brightly colored dreams	1
polished	1
refreshingly ,	1
unoriginal	0
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t.	1
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself	1
one scene	1
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones	0
of menacing atmosphere	1
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development	0
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller	1
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy	1
by bad writing	0
reflective and	1
with the best of herzog 's works	1
the pathology it pretends to investigate	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress	1
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters	0
moving and vibrant	1
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
most slyly exquisite	1
flaws igby	0
a good movie ye who enter here	1
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career ,	1
scenes all end in someone screaming .	0
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
dragons	0
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer	0
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables	0
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	0
engages	1
except it 's much , much better .	1
from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
beautiful	1
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
one of those all-star reunions	1
graceful dual narrative	1
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
who re-invents himself	1
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots	0
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	1
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	0
strong and	1
better-focused	1
be so stupid	0
pale imitation	0
has-been	0
lacks considerable brio	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,	1
dull and	0
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue	1
ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences	1
it 's pleasant enough	1
colorful	1
bigger , fatter heart	1
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable ,	1
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
of an ordeal than an amusement	0
the ordeal of sitting through it	0
real and	1
far superior film	1
an american	1
connect with on any deeper level	1
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
utterly misplaced	0
usually genuinely worthwhile	1
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed	1
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
completely familiar	1
it does n't even seem like she tried .	0
is a feast for the eyes .	1
a visual treat for all audiences	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	0
overwrought and crudely literal	0
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
where santa gives gifts to grownups	1
had to sit through it again	0
patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and	0
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits	0
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
a worthless film	0
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
a superfluous sequel	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way	1
's plenty to enjoy --	1
slowed down by a stroke	0
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
have done in half an hour	0
can certainly go the distance ,	1
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
, is of overwhelming waste	0
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
dreary and overwrought	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	0
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera	0
vivid , convincing	1
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
confused in death to smoochy	0
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it	0
might actually want to watch .	1
simply runs out of ideas	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life	0
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,	1
should not	0
sophomoric	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving	1
it works superbly here	1
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
's impossible to care	0
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
surprisingly sensitive	1
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	0
the miniseries	1
includes one of the strangest	1
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year	1
a grand whimper	0
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs	0
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
the greatest natural sportsmen	1
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star	0
a loud , witless mess that	0
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	0
interested in the sights and sounds of battle	1
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
the fantastic and the believable	1
one of the great minds of our times	1
a gentle and engrossing character	1
seem to match the power of their surroundings .	1
plight and isolation	0
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
spits out	0
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point	1
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	0
, and unforgettable characters	1
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek	0
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
of male hustlers	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream	0
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	0
is a fragmented film ,	0
princesses	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it	1
less compelling than the circumstances of its making	0
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not	0
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
is n't going to jell	0
this obscenely bad dark comedy	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time	1
, and intermittently hilarious	1
feels like a spectator and not a participant	0
in the same old story	0
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
teeny-bopper set	0
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
's no accident	1
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship	0
just how bad	0
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science	0
sensational denouements	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
touching , transcendent love story	1
it is not worth	0
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
of its grand locations	1
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	1
equally great robin williams performance	1
cannon 's confidence	1
you feel alive - which is what they did	1
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard	0
positively dreadful	0
because it plays everything too safe	0
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
passing twinkle	0
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	1
breathtaking mystery	1
a good guy	1
strong and confident work	1
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody	1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
foolish	0
the film 's lack of personality	0
alive and	1
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction	1
contemporary southern adolescence	1
holland lets things peter out midway ,	0
lots of cute animals and clumsy people	1
icky	0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .	0
adult world	1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia	0
cookie-cutter action scenes	0
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre	0
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too	0
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
exploitation picture	0
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale	0
falling short as a whole	0
is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
gritty realism and magic realism	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	1
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy	1
annoyed	0
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	0
is exceedingly pleasant	1
of director abel ferrara	1
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling	0
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	1
based on a true and historically significant story	1
imaginative through out	1
a movie of riveting power and sadness .	1
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie	1
anger and	0
off-puttingly	0
world-renowned	1
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
disney scrape	0
given this movie a rating of zero	0
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond	1
surprises	1
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	1
intriguing bit	1
fascinate	1
's as sweet as greenfingers	1
is a failure .	0
into an excruciating film	0
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but	0
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
be lulled into a coma	0
with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role	1
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy	1
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype	0
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances	1
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two	0
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
a children 's party clown	0
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...	1
a rich and intelligent film	1
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
also rocks .	1
so stilted and unconvincing	0
go down with a ship as leaky	0
gratingly unfunny groaner	0
a remarkable film	1
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes ,	1
mawkish self-parody	0
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts	0
insultingly	0
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
of weird performances and direction	0
lose	0
has a great cast and a great idea .	1
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess	1
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
just lazy	0
were once amusing	0
one of the most unpleasant things the studio	0
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
another example of how sandler is losing his touch	0
it hates its characters .	0
is a step down	0
in other words , it 's badder than bad .	0
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully	1
genuinely funny	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
giving up	0
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history	1
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
` laughing	1
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	0
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory	0
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	0
are totally estranged from reality	0
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
giving it a strong thumbs up	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through	0
one of the funnier movies in town .	1
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice	0
minority report	0
cool gadgets and creatures	1
leaving you with some laughs and a smile	1
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler	0
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and	0
sickening thud	0
the euphoria	1
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	1
it 's the butt of its own joke	0
cast , but never quite gets off the ground	0
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination	0
an unforgettable	1
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	1
wait for your pay per view dollar	0
are often more predictable than their consequences	0
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer	0
dying	0
for touched by an angel simplicity	1
besides its terrific performances	1
peels layers	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely	0
be careful what you wish for ''	0
solid family fun	1
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
to suspense thriller	1
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world	1
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
a strong script	1
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
a capable thriller	1
sometimes quite funny	1
sleaziness	0
to make of this italian freakshow	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood	1
carried out	1
metal , fireballs and revenge	1
thoughtful what-if	1
for deft punctuation	1
too evident	0
a bad movie that	0
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde	0
with too little	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but	1
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
, caring	1
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year	1
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
is a wonderful thing ;	1
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50	0
distinguished and thoughtful film	1
a great missed opportunity	0
the concert footage is stirring	1
two fine actors , morgan freeman	1
the unacceptable	0
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
immensely appealing	1
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing	0
berry 's saucy ,	1
that has made tucker a star	1
sad ending	0
a successful career in tv	1
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	1
favor of an altogether darker side	1
as funny nor	0
an intensely lived time	1
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	0
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain	1
the hood	1
the pile of useless actioners	0
it takes to describe how bad it is	0
the brilliant performances	1
beautifully crafted and	1
` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
totally overwrought	0
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	1
music you may not have heard before	1
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
in a big corner office in hell	0
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin	1
fights	0
supposedly funny	0
all great films about a life you never knew existed	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but	1
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life	1
turn out to be delightfully compatible here	1
gasp	1
see over and over again	1
are not to be dismissed .	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes	1
feels draggy	0
far-flung , illogical , and	0
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance	1
a live-wire film	1
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
simply stupid , irrelevant	0
effectively chilling	1
a film you will never forget	1
lack of thematic resonance	0
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	1
delightful in the central role	1
a conventional but heartwarming tale	1
juvenile delinquent	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
totally	1
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
sounds like horrible poetry .	0
wasted .	0
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance	1
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve	1
doofus	0
already mentioned	0
appreciates the art	1
a frustrating ` tweener '	0
excellent	1
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers	1
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
an undeniable energy	1
in earnest dramaturgy	1
distinctly sub-par	0
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
a beautiful film to watch	1
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
both leads are up to the task	1
that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
philosophers , not	0
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
this ludicrous film	0
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
contentious configurations	0
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary	0
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''	0
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell	1
intimate and panoramic	1
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	0
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	0
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
lowly studio hack	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so	1
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	0
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
overstated	0
this facetious smirk	0
( the characters ' ) misery	0
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
a guiltless film	1
obvious political insights	1
bill morrison 's decasia	1
rough edges	0
performances of exceptional honesty	1
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	0
wo n't stand the cold light of day	0
clichés .	0
you-are-there immediacy	1
's horribly depressing and not very well done .	0
had to endure last summer	0
it 's not a motion picture ;	0
the comedy	1
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom	1
that led to their notorious rise to infamy	1
lacking	0
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
the story is bogus and	0
gates	1
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man	0
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time	1
the preaching message	0
hastily and amateurishly	0
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	1
marvelous	1
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .	1
how tedious	0
truly funny	1
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue	1
an enjoyable level	1
a rounded and revealing overview	1
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed	1
some fairly unsettling scenes	0
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater	1
there 's no energy .	0
bad love	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence	0
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell	0
seems a prostituted muse	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy	1
is awful .	0
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
is a real charmer .	1
cinematic car wreck	0
masochism	0
a freedom	1
reassuring	1
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
feel like time fillers between surf shots .	0
you 'll cry for your money back .	0
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline ,	1
dismiss	0
wonderful	1
the transcendent performance	1
have put together a bold biographical fantasia	1
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor	1
a collectively stellar performance	1
of boring	0
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...	1
stock plot	0
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
relying on the viewer to do most of the work	0
is downright doltish and uneventful	0
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director	0
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year	1
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history	0
intriguing characters	1
make the attraction a movie	1
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up	0
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it	0
makes the movie fresh	1
, you 're far better served by the source material .	0
an admirable	1
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
no lika da accents so good	0
make this worth a peek .	1
will likely	1
of credible gender-provoking philosophy	1
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
, truths emerge .	1
what on earth is going on	0
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
a visual treat	1
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
certain ambition	1
the drama that gives added clout to this doc	1
awful movie	0
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv	1
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,	0
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
straight-ahead	1
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	1
a small gem from belgium	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , ''	1
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,	0
above the rest	1
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end	1
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information	1
a comic fan	1
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	1
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	1
a remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it	0
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''	0
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
no new plot conceptions or	0
screen with considerable appeal	1
, the film would be a total washout .	0
as a landmark in film history	1
of our making	1
bloody	0
give a backbone to the company	1
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	0
a thriller without a lot of thrills	0
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral	0
this one gets off with a good natured warning	1
stubbornly refused to gel	0
motionless characters	0
is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
the outstanding thrillers	1
manipulative whitewash	0
define a generation	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail	1
done the nearly impossible	1
a sense of real magic , perhaps	1
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	0
sad nonsense ,	0
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence	0
crafted film	1
'll only put you to sleep .	0
succeeds mainly	1
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	0
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically	1
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring	0
any way of gripping what its point is	0
heralds something special	1
the rollicking dark humor so necessary	1
this world more complex	1
revel in its splendor	1
winning shot	1
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and	0
wryly amusing	1
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality	1
liked about schmidt a lot	1
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
hell	0
of the greatest films	1
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	0
a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
there is a great deal of fun .	1
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
of a really solid woody allen film	1
heady , biting , be-bop	1
the one not-so-small problem with expecting	0
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school	0
a feel-good movie can still show real heart	1
swept away '	1
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god	1
an intense indoor drama	1
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	0
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy	0
, elusive , yet inexplicably	1
buffoons	0
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls	0
fun , with an undeniable energy	1
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	0
stroke	0
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars	0
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick	1
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends	1
left on a remote shelf	0
gentle and biting	1
a delicious , quirky movie	1
most sincere and artful	1
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy	0
bad romances	0
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug	1
spiced	1
the spotlight	1
dead-undead genre	0
an inarticulate screenplay	0
unexpected twists	1
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
early laughs	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	1
a freshness and modesty	1
complex and quirky , but	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is	1
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches	1
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama	1
not enough fizz	0
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie	1
a welcome lack	1
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
about nothing	0
but mush-hearted .	0
, reflective and beautifully	1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
too cynical	0
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring	0
as imperious	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and	1
an engrossing and grim portrait	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and	1
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	1
mesmerizing performance	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get	1
... had this much imagination and nerve	1
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
lulled into a coma	0
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
, a ripping good yarn is told .	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame	1
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
romanticized rendering	1
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
not-so-funny gags ,	0
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
the cast is top-notch and	1
chelsea hotel	1
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .	0
which is worth seeing	1
there are great rewards here .	1
reach a truly annoying pitch	0
the best ,	1
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	1
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
' i feel better already .	1
daring and verve	1
it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
seem like mere splashing around in the muck	0
a surprisingly faithful remake	1
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us	1
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	1
with grace and humor	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural	1
millions of eager fans	1
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
this uncharismatically	0
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place	0
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
( and beautifully edited	1
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
tasty	1
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity	0
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling	0
inspires more than an interested detachment	1
does n't add up to a whole lot	0
you have the patience for it	0
obnoxious 88-minute	0
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music	1
energy and imagination	1
itself and retreats	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,	1
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	1
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	0
the best	1
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	0
's a spectacular performance - ahem	1
an astonishing voice cast	1
listless , witless ,	0
animation master	1
first-timer	1
very dark and very funny	1
an unusually surreal tone	1
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	1
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
satisfying summer	1
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and	1
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	1
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
has been made with an enormous amount of affection	1
nothing short of refreshing	1
theological	1
the resolutions	0
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy	0
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else	0
the absence of narrative continuity	0
fiction	1
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
, no matter how degraded things get .	0
hugely imaginative and successful	1
fine star performances	1
one terrific score and attitude to spare	1
so short	0
sing beautifully and act adequately	1
delivers more goodies	1
someone understands the need for the bad boy	1
dramaturgy	0
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff	0
sit near the back	0
make you feel like a sucker	0
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	1
is one of the best actors there is	1
smear	0
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences ,	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and	0
a feast	1
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest	1
i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
a legacy	1
is as generic as its title .	0
humor and heart and	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama	0
enough , but nothing new	0
wretchedly unfunny wannabe	0
a sloppy script	0
you have left the theater	0
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful	1
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
wilco fans will have a great time ,	1
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
the slapstick is labored , and	0
an unsettling picture	0
an enjoyable film in its own right	1
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing	1
content merely	1
the charm and little	1
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is	1
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans	1
genuinely sweet	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch	0
this clever and very satisfying picture	1
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	0
vacant	0
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	1
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
sharper	1
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of	1
ideological	1
execution and skill	1
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
make a terrific effort	1
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
incisive and sensitive	1
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent	0
jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	0
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
enjoy seeing how both evolve	1
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	1
to have the best of both worlds	1
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .	1
squanders as much as it gives out .	0
eat popcorn	1
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	1
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	0
two gifted performers	1
better at fingering problems than finding solutions	0
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
young american	1
engaging and intimate	1
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing	1
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
chill	0
a young american ,	1
to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
feel anything much while watching this movie ,	0
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,	0
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
best screen	1
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions	0
take me back to a time before i saw this movie	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose	1
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind	1
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
to intolerable levels	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
treads old turf	0
the dimming	0
be occupied for 72 minutes	0
the acting , for the most part	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies	0
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else	0
auspicious feature debut	1
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening	0
benefits from serendipity but	1
robust and scary	1
another best of the year selection .	1
the trap of the maudlin or tearful	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz	0
with aplomb	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	0
for most of the movie 's success	1
hip-hop indie snipes	1
he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
the touch	1
incessant	0
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest	1
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy	1
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	1
wildly popular	1
screenwriting award	1
poetic tragedy	0
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
bottom tier	0
some cute moments	1
first	1
gut-wrenching	1
heart-pounding	1
wistful new film	1
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	1
a filmmaker of impressive talent	1
heavy-handed moralistic	0
sodden and glum	0
in remembrance	1
to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and	1
brings together	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense	1
integrating the characters	1
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
to the film 's music	1
people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
fantastic !	1
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	1
blithe rebel fantasy	1
gorgeously	1
the film works in spite of it	1
about guys and dolls	1
too big	0
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,	0
brutally honest	1
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
funniest jokes	1
seeing things from new sides ,	1
worthy entry	1
a bloated plot	0
balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
very , very good	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	1
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject	1
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	0
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care	1
carries it to unexpected heights	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ,	0
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational	1
to be something really good	1
's a loathsome movie	0
quiet power	1
much to our dismay	0
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	1
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	1
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
brilliant	1
with few respites	1
beyond-lame	0
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
is n't worth sitting through	0
is casual and fun	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	1
that will capture the minds and hearts of many	1
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute	1
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale	0
so perfect	1
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
a plodding mess	0
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés	0
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	0
gibberish	0
, high-adrenaline documentary .	1
simple message	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	0
tonally uneven	0
strong and convincing performances	1
word ` dog '	0
of death	0
elaborate futuristic sets	1
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	1
dumb and derivative horror	0
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
feature-length stretch	0
it is to be ya-ya	1
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil	1
spider invasion comic chiller	1
corny television	0
about openness , particularly the	1
done his homework	1
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
uncompromising artists trying to create something original	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk	1
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular	1
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	0
grows on you	1
is definitely worth seeing	1
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
rehashes to feed to the younger generations	0
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
flat , misguided comedy	0
at least passably real	1
the action clichés	0
sophisticated and surprising	1
a surprisingly funny movie .	1
stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
believe that people have lost the ability to think and	0
seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
of lazy humor	1
's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
, and dramatically moving	1
if it 's filmed tosca that you want	1
mordantly funny and	1
is so often less	0
into the `` a '' range , as is	1
savvy , compelling	1
original talent	1
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money	0
clear sense	1
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but	0
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be	1
gain from watching they	1
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
on the premise	1
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines	0
of patch adams quietly freaking out	1
black-and-white psychedelia	1
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
beautiful ,	1
disease	0
the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''	0
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day	1
flawed and brilliant	1
past his prime	0
surprisingly charming	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	0
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
former gong show addict	0
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
immersive	1
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
more colorful , more playful tone	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family	1
overplayed	0
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
exceptional detail	1
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen	1
beautiful and	1
the bad things	0
narc	0
gives a performance that is masterly .	1
the plot ` surprises	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	0
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages	1
its social and political potential	1
a laundry list of minor shortcomings	0
fits into a classic genre ,	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
plod	0
ai n't art	0
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
accept it as life and go with its flow	1
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice	0
goes downhill .	0
certain charm	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists	1
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous	0
with false starts	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals	1
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence	0
soulless and	0
smart , romantic drama	1
ominous mood and tension	0
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source	0
wasting	0
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
a neat trick	1
spirited	1
straight-ahead thriller	1
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
a sadistic bike flick	0
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and	1
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait	1
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
tear your eyes away from the images	1
amuse or entertain	1
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and	1
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents	1
funny and well-contructed	1
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	1
staged violence overshadows everything ,	0
some kind of goofy grandeur	1
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius	1
almost entirely witless and inane ,	0
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	1
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	0
a likable story ,	1
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
love , longing , and	1
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
colorful , vibrant introduction	1
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to	1
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
consciously dumbed-down approach	0
uncanny tale	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent	1
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles	0
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst	1
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss	1
be a passable date film	1
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	0
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work	1
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...	1
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results	1
sending the audience straight to hell	0
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
for violence	0
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
blandness	0
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country	0
a great cast and	1
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack ,	1
tear your eyes	1
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid	0
ebullient tunisian film	1
subtlest works	1
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
high-minded snoozer .	0
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
for humor and bite	1
of astonishing grandeur	1
overmanipulative	0
relentlessly folksy	0
is doa .	0
entirely witless and inane ,	0
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
see this terrific film with your kids	1
even better	1
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
something wholly original	1
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	0
the great minds	1
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment	0
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
... quite endearing .	1
rise above its disgusting source material	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	1
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	0
shallow and	0
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator	1
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	1
suspense , surprise and	1
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours	0
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome	0
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
a muddle	0
a glorified sitcom , and	0
wo n't still be tapping	1
the feeble examples	0
to being very funny	1
fiend	0
's too long	0
wait to see it then	0
uncinematic but	0
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
the novel	1
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
laughably , irredeemably awful .	0
presume	1
the exuberant openness	1
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	0
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull	1
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
on both sides it falls short	0
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	0
useless movie	0
damning and damned compelling .	1
a cruel story	0
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households	1
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
are canny and spiced with irony .	1
so sloppy ,	0
shrewd enough	0
labyrinthine	1
drama , conflict ,	1
the dialogue is cumbersome	0
, dishonest	0
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
drowned me	0
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie	1
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that	0
family-friendly	1
too loud , too goofy and too short	0
the best korean film	1
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	0
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
he 's the best brush in the business	1
dead-end distaste	0
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points	0
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
piano	1
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience	0
it 's still quite worth seeing	1
( tries ) to parody	0
` perfection	1
bully	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but	0
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	0
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	1
mature and	1
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
an already obscure demographic	0
part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
but it 's great cinematic polemic	1
war-weary marine	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,	1
in her most charmless	0
quite tasty	1
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times	0
highly uneven	0
ambiguous ending	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick	0
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired	1
lousy movie	0
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
charms are immediately apparent	1
a cinematic touchstone	1
of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
does n't reach them	0
another classic for the company	1
requisite faux-urban vibe	0
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
an exceptional thriller	1
for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
hit that may strain adult credibility	0
difficult to connect with on any deeper level	0
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving	0
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	0
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers	1
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	1
fairly irresistible package	1
more revealing , more emotional and	1
an old-fashioned scary movie ,	1
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	1
make you think about existential suffering	1
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense	1
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form	1
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	0
reign	1
farm melodrama .	0
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
begins to fade from memory	0
`` suck ''	0
blatant and sickening product placement	0
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
taken seriously	1
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	1
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	1
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
a riveting story well told .	1
way cheaper ( and better )	1
as imaginative as one might have hoped	1
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
you turn stupid	0
really good	1
wish had been developed with more care	0
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
take the viewer inside the wave	1
to blow it	0
demonstrating vividly	1
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument ,	1
should see this movie	1
like a can of 2-day old coke	0
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
for all the dolorous trim	1
pure venality --	0
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors	1
creepy and believable	1
, confident	1
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
drowsy	0
picture-perfect beach	1
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
this might have been an eerie thriller	0
talking a talk that appeals to me	1
joyous documentary	1
disturbing	0
more coming-of-age stories	1
surefire , beloved genres	1
grant is certainly amusing	1
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
emerge with unimpeachable clarity	1
an enthralling , entertaining feature	1
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	1
is what we call the ` wow ' factor	1
makes it to the boiling point	1
aimed at mom and dad 's wallet	0
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller	0
in which the talent is undeniable	1
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
technically	1
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
succeeds primarily	1
april	1
, wit and interesting characters	1
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .	0
corny sentimentality	0
i 'm not even a fan of the genre	0
film history	1
strong themes	1
we all lose track of ourselves by trying	1
smart movie	1
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and	1
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged	0
embraces its old-fashioned themes	1
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	0
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
about death	0
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
bravado kathy !	1
the astute direction of cardoso and	1
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with	1
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further	0
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	0
( and probably should have	0
dreary	0
's actually watchable	1
sensuous and spirited	1
the best comedy concert movie	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,	1
minutely detailed wonders	1
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic	0
from largely flat and uncreative moments	0
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism	0
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
disappointed by a movie	0
is a complete mess	0
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	1
, light treat	1
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise	1
so insanely stupid ,	0
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	0
a terrible movie	0
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	1
know the band or the album 's songs by heart	1
of destruction	0
too crude to serve the work especially well	0
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and	1
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
that surprises or delights	1
a true adaptation of her book	1
entertain all ages	1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
in its poetic symbolism	1
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate	0
irredeemably awful .	0
is dudsville .	0
'd rather watch them on the animal planet	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	0
brings us right into the center of that world	1
goodies	1
through the gloomy film noir veil	0
scores a direct hit	1
far more interested in gross-out humor	0
a fanciful motion picture	1
even better than the fellowship	1
very compelling , sensitive	1
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
at cheapening it	0
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching	1
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject	1
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	0
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way	0
its worst harangues	0
the actors pick up the slack	1
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	0
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
's most memorable about circuit	1
troubling	0
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action	1
high-powered	1
are a little peculiar	0
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
( jeff 's ) gorgeous ,	1
schütte 's dramatic snapshot	1
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
three splendid actors	1
made nature film and a tribute	1
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	1
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
anyone who suffers through this film	0
it 's never dull and always looks good .	1
most sincere	1
minimal appreciation	0
appeals	1
use of his particular talents	1
of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	1
its writer-director 's	1
peerlessly	1
few ` cool ' actors	0
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project	1
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
good film	1
too shallow for an older one	0
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and	1
a hallmark film	1
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's	1
his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
summer entertainment	1
ca n't be dismissed as mindless	1
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy	0
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful	1
decent but dull .	0
spooks	0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	1
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws	1
has considerable charm .	1
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at	0
had from films crammed with movie references	1
charmless and vacant	0
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	0
genuine narrative	1
set it apart from other deep south stories	1
the only problem	0
clear and reliable an authority	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery	0
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	0
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic	1
the layers of soap-opera emotion	0
satisfyingly unsettling	1
of exploitative garbage	0
a wild ride	1
a hokey piece of nonsense	0
the needlessly poor quality	0
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain	0
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato	0
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes	0
the brawn , but not the brains	0
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	0
inconceivable	0
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,	1
both exuberantly	1
of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
fresh , unforced naturalism	1
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
fantasy of a director 's travel	1
from dawson 's creek	1
full of surprises	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen	1
a dirty old man	0
`` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	1
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )	0
crafted	1
somewhat cumbersome	0
certainly	1
direct-to-video/dvd category	0
desperate attempt	0
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
here lacks considerable brio .	0
rehashes	0
its premise is smart , but	1
old	0
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
make for a bad film	0
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
the talented	1
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but	0
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ;	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france :	1
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case	1
a very well-meaning movie , and	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
grinds itself	0
'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
tie together beautifully	1
for large-scale action and suspense	1
the french lieutenant 's woman	1
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
pilot episode	1
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent	0
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	0
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
will have a great time	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
least	0
remains vividly in memory	1
documentarian	1
a complete waste of time .	0
the great films about movie love	1
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate	1
special fishy community	1
rich tale	1
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
grievous but obscure	0
simplistic story	0
articulates	1
of an authentic feel	1
's superficial and unrealized	0
simple , poignant and leavened	1
a career-defining revelation	1
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
not everything	0
the same problems	0
, a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	0
that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone	1
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core	0
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
ken russell would love this .	1
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
something of a public service	1
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
trouble every day is a plodding mess .	0
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
scant place	0
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated	1
's the image that really tells the tale	1
ecstasy	1
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
the universal themes , earnest performances	1
a desperate miscalculation	0
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot	0
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as	1
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art	0
strangling the life out	0
a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
a cold blanket	0
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
by an angel simplicity	1
abject suffering	0
a solid cast	1
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem	0
likely to leave a lasting impression	1
helps create a complex , unpredictable character	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement ,	0
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	1
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
its elegantly colorful look and	1
, the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric	0
the most wondrous love story	1
a serious drama	1
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
poking their genitals into fruit pies	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining	1
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey	0
the awe in which it holds itself	1
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue	1
druggy and self-indulgent ,	0
fine actors	1
the utter cuteness	1
children behave like adults and everyone	0
to reveal his impressively delicate range	1
an imitation movie	0
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	1
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?	0
hollow	0
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
... a solid , well-formed satire .	1
juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre	0
to tiresome jargon	0
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction	0
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and	0
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it	0
the film 's lack	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
a tiresome cliché	0
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
ultimate insignificance	0
truly wonderful tale	1
dumb comedy	0
are simply too good	1
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes	1
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers	0
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
sanitised and	0
stale and uninspired .	0
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
feel genuinely good	1
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke	0
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other	1
a more credible script	1
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding	0
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
good old-fashioned adventure	1
this often-hilarious farce	1
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
lacking in charm and charisma	0
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama	1
with weak dialogue and biopic	0
movies , television and the theater	1
gleefully	1
how clever	1
to lend some dignity to a dumb story	0
many definitions of ` time waster '	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	1
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music	1
thriller remarkable	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be	1
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
nourishing	1
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves	0
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	0
what 's best about	1
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
is robotically italicized	0
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
bittersweet drama	1
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity	1
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward	0
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	0
as wonderful on the big screen	1
shock and amaze	1
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
opera-ish story	0
modern-day royals	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen	0
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
with indoctrinated prejudice	0
hyper-artificiality	0
so distant	0
that 's right	1
suited for the history or biography channel	1
fearlessly	1
very little story or character	0
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	1
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
find love in the most unlikely place	1
a pleasant distraction ,	1
the lack	0
grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
completely enlightening	1
exist only for its climactic setpiece	0
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage	0
serious and thoughtful .	1
the movie lacks in action	0
unable	0
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
a fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
cardboard characters and performers	0
in welcome perspective	1
an equally miserable film the following year	0
strong narrative	1
for the under-7 crowd	0
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills	0
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	1
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	0
loses its ability to shock and amaze	0
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
one of cinema 's directorial giants	1
none-too-funny	0
rattling the viewer	1
's not bad prose	1
when cares melted away in the dark theater	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender	0
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment	1
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
summer blockbuster	1
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	0
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game	0
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and	0
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
tremendous promise	1
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
rare film	1
has lost its edge	0
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
at the right film	1
with an avid interest in the subject	1
laborious pacing	0
the superficial way	0
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor	1
charming ,	1
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman	0
smart , sassy and	1
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
struggling	0
rigid and evasive in ways	0
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal	1
enjoy it	1
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	0
beauty or humor	1
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
very ugly	0
be entertained by	1
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
remains a chilly , clinical lab report	0
a good job	1
with miscalculations	0
bidder	1
his effortless performance	1
satisfies	1
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away	1
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence	0
me no lika da accents so good	0
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect	1
blimp	0
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line	0
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
bad at a fraction the budget	0
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time	1
all the heart	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
self-consciously	0
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
lush , swooning melodrama	1
astounding	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
odd and weird .	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but	0
modestly surprising	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933	1
intriguing and honorable	1
dead gorgeous	1
, ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
put away the guitar , sell the amp ,	0
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	0
hard-to-swallow premise	0
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it	0
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	1
clever and unexpected	1
fulfilling	1
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	1
sillier , cuter	1
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	1
rousing ,	1
lackluster thriller `` new best friend ''	0
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie	0
the fun	1
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
his lack	0
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama	0
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	1
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
seldom hammy ,	1
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .	0
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --	1
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
tastelessness and	0
consistently sensitive	1
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
biting and witty feature	1
wedding sequence	1
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	0
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
whose charms are immediately apparent	1
naive dreams	0
noticeably less energy and imagination	0
there are some laughs in this movie ,	1
a powerful young actor	1
a tap-dancing rhino	0
ms. bullock 's best work	1
almost no organic intrigue	0
the script has less spice than a rat burger and	0
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it	1
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	0
in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
to the core	1
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
like time fillers between surf shots	0
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
, excruciatingly tedious	0
seems worse for the effort	0
so interesting	1
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere	0
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers	0
gloomy film noir veil	0
lend some dignity to a dumb story	0
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement	1
concrete story	1
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
is dark , brooding and slow , and	0
with all of this	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life	1
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive	1
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
provide much more insight	1
a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner	0
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero	1
has all the outward elements of the original	1
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more	1
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
deal funnier	1
guilt-free trip	1
vibrant creative instincts	1
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves .	0
poignant and	1
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness	1
oh , and more entertaining , too .	1
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
doltish and uneventful	0
downright intoxicating	1
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances	1
no .	0
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare	0
is visually ravishing ,	1
engaging as it is revealing	1
senseless	0
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	0
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice	0
intimate and socially encompassing	1
's something i would rather live in denial about	0
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal	1
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance	0
be talking about the film once you exit the theater	1
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	1
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	1
it 's going to be a trip	1
is a distinct rarity , and an event .	1
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	0
, shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
the limited chemistry	0
is interested	1
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
inspiring , ironic	1
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .	0
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
thematic content and narrative strength	1
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	0
limitations	0
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,	1
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills	1
inject some real vitality and even art	1
nicest	1
disquieting triumph	1
not infrequently breathtaking	1
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown	0
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter	0
twisted shapes history	0
's still entertaining to watch the target practice	1
four star performance	1
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features	0
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
shot on ugly digital video	0
all hollywood fantasies	0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	1
astonishing grandeur	1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting	0
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	1
clichés , depression and bad alternative music	0
produce another smash	1
her cheery and tranquil suburban life	1
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
the comedy is nonexistent .	0
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
too-conscientious adaptation	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,	1
with vibrance and warmth	1
quite a bit of heart	1
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year	1
is hard to care	0
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short	0
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
why this project was undertaken	0
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor	1
cocktail	1
sinister	0
cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
the lack-of-attention span	0
intriguing look	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography	1
such self-amused trash	0
ate a reeses	1
of director john stockwell	1
that will amuse or entertain them	1
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
sucks , but has a funny moment or two	0
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
passion and pretence	1
a gleefully	1
best irish sense	1
did i miss something ?	0
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
very interesting and	1
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane	0
action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
confection that 's pure entertainment .	1
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
is , more often then	1
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
spends a bit too much time	0
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
a better person	1
edit	0
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone	1
clearly evident quality	1
charms	1
of those so-so films that could have been much better	0
gorgeous film	1
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring	1
lots of effort and intelligence	1
a compelling pre-wwii drama	1
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure	0
of the two bewitched adolescents	0
a lot of warmth	1
give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
cause loads of irreparable damage	0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side	1
goldbacher	0
's an excellent 90-minute film here	1
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book	0
an uneasy marriage	0
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior	1
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
oddly moving	1
an obvious rapport with her actors and	1
pass this stinker off	0
poorly executed comedy .	0
absurd finale	0
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	0
fade from memory	0
sterile and	0
, what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
he forgets to make it entertaining	0
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy	0
the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
you had already seen that movie	0
ensures	1
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
complex story	1
matinee price	1
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama	0
flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
my enjoyment	1
gets off with a good natured warning	1
before indigestion sets	0
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric	1
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
blockbuster	1
thriller junk	0
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	1
a compelling story of musical passion	1
a master	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening	0
unpredictable comedy	1
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
provocative film	1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
attractive and talented	1
'' is entertaining .	1
wicked	1
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	1
jerking off	0
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period	0
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart	1
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film	1
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .	1
horrifyingly	0
wo n't like looking at it	0
of those films that aims to confuse	0
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
a first-rate cast	1
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
something creepy about this movie	0
shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
turntablism	1
sense-of-humour failure	0
a good movie	1
plateau	1
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
a heartfelt romance for teenagers	1
the characters sound like real people	1
, quite simply , should n't have been made	0
-- thoughtfully written	1
unbelievable	1
amazingly dopey .	1
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
insufferably	0
, doing its namesake proud	1
tiresome rant	0
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy	1
is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
makes no sense	0
a lame comedy .	0
palatable presentation	1
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches	0
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power	1
the problems	0
is a masterfully	1
horrendously	0
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest	0
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and	1
blasphemous and nonsensical	0
gangs	0
deeply authentic	1
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	1
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	1
, painful , obnoxious	0
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	1
disappointingly	0
many can aspire but none can equal	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,	1
during sunset	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and	1
no special effects , and no hollywood endings	0
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
's not entirely memorable	0
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much	0
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
that verges on the amateurish	0
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
claude	1
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
too harsh	0
with attractive men	1
to look at or understand	1
feel-good	1
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait	1
like a rash	0
energetic and sweetly	1
confidence	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
doubt the filmmakers ' motives	0
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
sounds whiny and defensive	0
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
is not entirely successful	0
the crassness	0
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
it worth checking out at theaters	1
community-college advertisement	0
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital	1
some special qualities	1
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
transfixes the audience	1
the exploitative	0
genteel and unsurprising	0
a mesmerizing one	1
stimulating and demanding	1
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters	1
dramatized	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat	1
emphasized	1
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
pretty valuable	1
upscale	1
the funniest jokes of any movie	1
did n't hate this one	1
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --	0
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
casting excellent latin actors of all ages	1
most offensive thing	0
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
inventive cinematic tricks and	1
goes down easy	0
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it	1
glinting charm	1
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some	1
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
remarkable performances	1
poignant and funny .	1
manipulative and contrived	0
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	1
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	0
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	1
beautiful film to watch	1
sublime music	1
sparkling	1
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
feel realistic	1
candid	1
a dumb comedy	0
simpering soundtrack	0
crudup 's screen presence	1
make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
poetry	1
greatly	1
be particularly innovative	1
inane , humorless and under-inspired .	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop	1
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
starving and untalented	0
made the full monty a smashing success	1
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	0
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
an old-fashioned drama	1
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .	1
remarkable procession	1
a delightfully dour ,	1
telling a fascinating character 's story	1
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
of a frustrating misfire	0
even that 's too committed .	0
a stylish thriller .	1
its rather routine script	0
an mtv , sugar hysteria , and	0
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker	1
just utter ` uhhh , '	0
a game supporting cast	1
any way of gripping what its point is ,	0
its fusty squareness	0
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
from `` promising	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
visual splendor	1
the worst titles	0
you love the music ,	1
's not really funny	0
a mischievous visual style	1
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that	1
fun factor	1
eccentric and	1
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents	1
moving , if uneven , success	1
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film ,	0
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse	0
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	0
a complete moron	0
the film itself is small and shriveled	0
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
candid , archly funny and	1
succeeds in making neither	0
an often intense character study about fathers	1
as if it were an obligation	0
... continue to impress	1
grotesque and	0
change watching such a character ,	0
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
addition to being very funny	1
powerful , naturally dramatic	1
giant william randolph hearst	1
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
good things happen to bad people	1
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
gorgeous ,	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
are many tense scenes in trapped	1
please the eye	1
's just too boring and obvious	0
a fan	1
is less about a superficial midlife crisis	0
time frame right	1
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	1
's little to recommend snow dogs ,	0
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	0
bitter italian comedy	0
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
'' lacks in depth	0
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed	0
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :	0
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --	1
is a tribute	1
mob	0
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting	1
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog	0
wit or innovation	1
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded	1
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
86 minutes too long	0
beautiful scene	1
an interesting bit of speculation	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,	1
deeper every time	1
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent	1
a not-so-divine secrets	0
dense , exhilarating documentary .	1
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation	1
orgasm	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
most unpleasant	0
a bad movie , just mediocre	0
comfortably	1
a wide summer audience	1
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale	1
should have been a cutting hollywood satire	0
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,	1
i see this piece of crap again	0
safe	1
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold	0
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable	1
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore	0
then ends with a whimper	0
flounders	0
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue	0
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .	1
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	1
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny	1
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way	0
major waste	0
extremely bad	0
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor	0
pow	1
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one	0
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored	1
-- that you should never forget	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie	1
the murder	0
uptight , middle class bores like antonia	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but	0
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	1
, it would still be beyond comprehension	0
washed out despite all of that	0
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential	0
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed	1
to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
popcorn thriller	1
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten	0
a seriously bad film	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing	0
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably	1
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
, but your ego	0
elaborate continuation	1
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible	1
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	0
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing	0
of the avant-garde fused with their humor	1
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
gives an intriguing twist	1
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over	1
as tryingly as the title	0
being very funny	1
but a great one	1
clever ways	1
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .	0
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition	0
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search	1
however entertainingly presented	1
for all audiences	1
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,	1
greatest play	1
overlong and not well-acted ,	0
also seems to play on a 10-year delay	0
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
exploit the familiar	0
his most daring , and complicated , performances	1
poignant and funny	1
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
is dreary and sluggish .	0
's very little	0
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
the characters move with grace and panache	1
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama	0
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
more playful	1
the old saying goes , because it 's true	1
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor	0
, delicate treatment	1
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
detailed	1
rather than provocative	0
laziest	0
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
a haunted house ,	0
a certain ambition	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	1
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and	0
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater	1
of hype	0
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor	1
profound ethical and philosophical questions	1
her pure fantasy character	1
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better	1
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune )	0
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
convincing way	1
wrap the proceedings up neatly	1
thoughtful minor classic	1
to be interesting	1
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie	0
realize your mind is being blown	1
also is difficult to fathom .	0
turn out okay	1
too long and unfocused	0
hated myself	0
the mushy finale	0
conceited pap	0
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	0
his rental car	1
movie gauge	1
pointed , often tender , examination	1
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito	0
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't	0
's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
the worst films of the summer	0
very well-acted	1
a movie that will make you laugh	1
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
mediocre exercise	0
a cinema classic	1
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
an original talent	1
ego-destroying	0
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out	0
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
for technical flaws to get in the way	0
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone	1
the grease	0
discovered , indulged in	1
seems twice as long	0
2002 's first great film	1
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
more successful	1
in unexpected ways , touching	1
frothing	0
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
impeccable throughout	1
has stopped challenging himself	0
delight your senses and	1
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
wholly unnecessary addition	0
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
written for no one	1
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world	1
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always	1
is worth searching out	1
a light-hearted way	1
in the pants	1
coming apart at its seams	0
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
an acidic all-male all about eve	0
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
a sweet , charming tale	1
of this emotional car-wreck	0
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes	1
the visual flourishes	1
energetic	1
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	0
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
a limp eddie murphy	0
ca n't possibly be enough	0
snl '' has-been	0
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting	1
to be distasteful to children and adults alike	0
adams just copies from various sources	0
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
that 's as crisp and to the point	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,	0
in all its strange quirks	1
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice	1
dared to mess with some powerful people	0
tragedies	0
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die	1
wanders	0
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency	1
worth a	1
by shooting itself in the foot	0
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
pleasurable movies	1
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
to enjoy its own transparency	1
often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen	0
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,	1
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	0
zero .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short	0
something as splendid-looking as this particular film	1
a beautiful canvas	1
welcome in her most charmless	0
win you over	1
adventurous indian filmmakers	1
overly-familiar	0
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,	0
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking	1
in swank apartments , clothes and parties	1
... really horrible drek .	0
feel ` stoked	1
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
's also undeniably exceedingly clever	1
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
a compelling french psychological drama	1
happens to be good	1
an uncomfortable movie	0
winning	1
a scruffy	0
nazi	0
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history	1
right ways	1
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
realize your mind is being blown .	1
conceptual feat	1
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
the expressive power of the camera	1
their project so interesting	1
a strong directorial stamp	1
is wholly unconvincing	0
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
adorably	1
well-structured	1
that resonate with profundity	1
balances both traditional or modern stories together	1
glides	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	1
to abandon the theater	0
in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script	1
overwrought ending	0
group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life	0
is one of the year 's best films .	1
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
screwball ideas	0
unfunny phonce	0
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and	0
refused to gel	0
90-plus	1
an amusement	1
's stylishly directed with verve ...	1
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	0
a struggling nobody	0
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	1
fantastically vital movie	1
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and	0
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp	0
its solemn pretension	0
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really	1
lifeless execution .	0
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	1
is visually smart	1
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .	0
pallid horror	0
some futile concoction	0
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
to his people	1
the looseness of the piece	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives	0
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic	1
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
going to love the piano teacher	1
this in the right frame of mind	1
a captivating and intimate study	1
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	0
's tv sitcom material at best	1
without placing their parents in a coma-like state	1
an encouraging effort	1
movie special	1
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it	0
is unconvincing	0
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
this 90-minute dud	0
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and	0
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics	0
like such a bore	0
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural	1
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
every scrap is of the darkest variety	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .	1
a happy , heady jumble	1
time stinker	0
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor	1
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .	1
it is definitely worth seeing .	1
is a slapdash mess	0
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
creative instincts	1
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism	0
conjured up more coming-of-age stories	1
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots	0
a fudged opportunity	0
merely bad rather than	0
peppered with false starts	0
her film	1
logic and misuse	0
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum	1
i found myself howling more than cringing	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing :	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	0
brilliantly constructed work	1
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	0
it 's quite diverting nonsense .	0
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
showing off	0
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry	0
the arguments	1
the movie 's wildly careening tone	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer	1
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad	0
you have to check your brain at the door	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	0
on its own , it 's not very interesting .	0
maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity	0
made me unintentionally famous	1
artificial suspense	0
gay love stories	1
incoherence and redundancy	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and	0
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody	1
fat	0
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know	1
marginal intelligence	0
put together a bold biographical fantasia	1
amusing and unexpectedly insightful	1
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards	1
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
is its utter sincerity	1
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
often strains	0
too bad to be good and	0
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
with leonine power	1
modus	1
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone	1
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego	1
dying and loving	1
a fine-looking film	1
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture	0
for fun-seeking summer audiences	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,	0
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
funniest moments	1
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
the russian word for wow !? '	1
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	0
except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary	1
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
killer soundtrack	1
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
like a film so cold and dead	0
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today	1
timelessness	1
is awful	0
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	0
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch	0
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful	1
of romantic obsession	1
esteemed	1
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance	1
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
sweet and romantic	1
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
the emperor 's club any time	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
complex than your average film	1
sam mendes	1
imitation movie	0
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
it may be a no-brainer	1
splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	1
may be disappointed .	0
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
the perfect movie	1
works beautifully as a movie	1
will probably find it fascinating	1
imitative of innumerable	0
want the story to go on and on	1
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
dabbles all around	0
extraordinary poignancy	1
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
ebullient	1
resident evil is not it	0
smoother or more confident	1
most watchable film	1
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour	0
unforced , rapid-fire delivery	1
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs	0
put so much time and energy into this turkey	0
the lousy tarantino imitations	0
make for great cinema	1
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	1
funny pace	1
his outstanding performance	1
of mediocre acting	0
been lost in the mail	0
in freshening the play	1
welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	0
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total	0
streamed across its borders	1
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself	1
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived	1
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
relatively flavorless	0
the worthy successor	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
these women 's	1
and wonderful creatures	1
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and	0
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,	1
sing beautifully	1
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic	1
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,	1
it is very difficult to care about the character , and	0
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''	0
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
is so rich with period minutiae	1
her confidence in her material is merited	1
sleazy moralizing	0
a showdown	1
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
rather toothless	0
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
plain old blarney	0
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience	1
a pathetically inane and unimaginative	0
intoxicating atmosphere and	1
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans	1
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours	1
will win you over , in a big way	1
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity	1
the troubling thing about clockstoppers	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .	0
requiring a great deal of thought	1
more if it had just gone that one step further	0
proceeds to flop	0
... a true delight .	1
their parents , wise folks that they are	1
kooky and overeager	0
that this should seal the deal	1
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious	0
funny , uplifting and moving	1
to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish	1
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face	0
a james bond series for kids	1
obvious and lengthy	0
a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
constant smiles	1
the results are tired	0
the art direction is often exquisite ,	1
covers this territory with wit and originality ,	1
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	1
treasured	1
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen	0
the original new testament stories so compelling	1
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary	1
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale	0
, the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
the most resolutely unreligious parents	0
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise	0
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors	1
reach for a barf bag	0
features	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco	1
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,	1
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
its idiocy	0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through	0
a high-powered star pedigree	1
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene	1
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one	0
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
you wish had been developed with more care	0
a thoughtful movie	1
a remarkable movie	1
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
with tremendous skill	1
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
are ...	1
at odds with the rest of the film	0
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings	1
keep - 'em	1
never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
like leafing through an album of photos	0
bill plympton , the animation master	1
its predictability	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	0
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care	0
are the greatest musicians of all time .	1
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities	0
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
the ranks	1
a powerful look	1
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art	1
friends will be friends through thick and thin	1
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )	1
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
a fullness that does not negate the subject	1
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	1
' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
is a success in some sense	1
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	1
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg	0
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one	1
'' is a big time stinker .	0
great premise	1
who is too crazy to be interesting	0
agonizing , catch-22	0
recognizable	1
a striking style	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on	0
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	0
lazy , miserable and smug .	0
a new treasure	1
into the nature of faith	1
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
carrying	1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .	0
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm	1
comes across as lame and sophomoric	0
emotionally strong	1
one long	0
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness	0
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters	0
change a nation	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees	1
, ivan is a prince of a fellow	1
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year	1
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	0
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or	0
uncompelling the movie	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but	0
work in concert	1
casual filmgoers	1
have the highest production values you 've ever seen	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	1
reasonably good	1
's not like having a real film of nijinsky	0
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
impressive	1
flopping	0
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne	1
that the material is so second-rate	0
preachy and	0
its own good	1
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged	0
of pure movie	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	1
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
triumph over a scrooge or two	1
this supposedly funny movie	0
superficial .	0
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	0
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance	1
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	1
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	1
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out	1
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	0
near-fatal mistake	0
is still worth hearing .	1
the spirit	1
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
plain lurid	0
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --	0
and no one )	1
not well-acted	0
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology	1
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --	1
life-changing	1
riveted to our seats .	1
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest	1
a feel-bad ending	0
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
the very definition of epic adventure	1
brussels	1
will probably be a talky bore	0
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	0
arrive early and stay late ,	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
to be passionate and truthful	1
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	1
satisfying summer blockbuster	1
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events	1
shapeless	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics	0
to sneak out of the theater	0
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
genuine quirkiness	1
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory	0
such good humor	1
of sensitive observation	1
a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
imagination and insight	1
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes	1
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake	0
exhilarating	1
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
his generation 's	1
original cartoon	1
canada 's arctic light	1
plainly dull	0
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious	1
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch	0
around this movie directionless	0
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,	1
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences	0
scores a direct hit .	1
personable , amusing	1
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	0
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal	0
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
's a masterpiece	1
a damn fine and	1
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	0
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once	0
leaves you giddy	1
can not engage .	0
mtv schmucks	0
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
energy and geniality	1
interplay and utter lack	0
glamorous machine	1
i did n't smile .	0
the horror fan	1
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	0
alone is worth the price of admission .	1
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
depressed	0
the stories are quietly moving .	1
is as difficult for the audience to take as it	0
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely	1
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of	1
energy , intelligence and verve ,	1
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
a sweet , even delectable diversion	1
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad	0
followed by the bad idea	0
immensely entertaining look	1
has all the hallmarks of a movie	1
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
lightly entertaining	1
a vivid , spicy footnote to history ,	1
of boring talking heads , etc .	0
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
complete mess	0
there is plenty of room for editing , and	0
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn .	1
, inescapably gorgeous ,	1
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
authentically impulsive humor	1
that it 's too close to real life to make sense	0
realistically terrifying movie	1
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects	1
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
on an elegant visual sense and a talent	1
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle	0
a defiantly retro chord	1
recipe , inspiring	1
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying	1
the image that really tells the tale	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian	0
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad	0
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --	0
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,	0
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
it 's still terrible !	0
interesting and	1
does n't have big screen magic	0
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )	1
into comedy futility	0
a majestic achievement ,	1
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	1
genuinely satisfying	1
incredibly dated and unfunny	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	0
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	0
crowdpleaser	1
for human connection	1
the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
credulous , unassuming , subordinate	0
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics	0
played and smartly	1
the gorgeously elaborate continuation	1
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
spontaneity in its execution and	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	1
appealing blend	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
in some terrific setpieces	1
you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and	1
setting off	1
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon	0
refresh	1
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	0
of strictly a-list players	1
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short	0
enduring	1
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less	0
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	0
degenerates into hogwash .	0
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	1
an unflinching ,	1
definitely gives you something to chew on	1
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but	1
interesting characters	1
embarrassment and others	0
the performers are so spot on	1
engrossing	1
stylists	1
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	1
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
of great actors hamming it up	0
dynamic first act	1
lightweight filmmaking	0
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
the incredible imax sound system	1
invented	1
overwrought	0
full of deep feeling	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable	0
a class with that of wilde	1
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary	1
a love story and	1
suspenseful horror movie	1
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin	0
is not the most impressive player	0
eerily accurate	1
love a joy	1
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
provocative stuff	1
at times uncommonly moving	1
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol	0
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope	1
a lovely and beautifully	1
its whimsical humor	1
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	0
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
of effecting change and inspiring hope	1
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
she 's pretty and she can act	1
a funny yet dark	1
a strong-minded viewpoint ,	1
effective enough	1
patchy combination of soap opera ,	0
several cliched movie structures	0
very few laughs and even less surprises	0
filming the teeming life	1
the quirky drama	1
direction and complete lack	0
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action	0
wiggling energy	1
passion , and genius	1
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	1
altogether creepy	0
a movie-industry satire	1
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
comedy fare	1
much of it is funny , but	1
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart	1
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience	1
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in	0
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective	0
roars with leonine power	1
depressing	0
is too long with too little going on	0
moviegoing pleasures	1
, overlong , and bombastic	0
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
would be a total washout .	0
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares	0
kids to watch too many barney videos	0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	0
believability	1
adorable	1
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas	1
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
are universal and involving	1
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations	0
bogus	0
most daring	1
to keep our interest	1
cohesive	1
good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
not easily and , in the end , not well enough	0
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
a classic text	1
of the great minds of our times	1
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard	0
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	0
for historical truth and realism	1
never fails to fascinate .	1
is a bomb .	0
mushy as peas	0
on its empty head	0
good cinematography	1
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way	1
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve	1
lovely and	1
eighth-grader	1
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves	0
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull	0
sweet	1
warmth , wit and interesting characters	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story	1
keep this	1
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
gracefully	1
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
2-day old coke	0
is richer than anticipated	1
cheeky	1
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
slim hopes and dreams	0
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then	1
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
marks a modest if encouraging return	1
an odd drama	0
tired old	0
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
action scenes	1
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and	1
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story	1
extraordinary debut from josh koury	1
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles	1
pompous and garbled	0
of dazzling pop entertainment	1
will enjoy it	1
proper respect	1
will worm its way there	1
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
pointless , meandering	0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	1
lofty	1
its visual delights	1
that puts another notch	0
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river	0
consistently sensitive and often exciting	1
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before	1
surprisingly funny movie	1
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	0
contrived , unmotivated , and	0
is every bit as fascinating	1
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''	1
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence	0
a dreary tract	0
the filmmakers just follow the books	0
such a great one	1
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	0
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
ethereal	1
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
they will have a showdown	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers --	1
inconsistencies	0
be called animation	1
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
strong itch to explore more	1
cannibal	0
to his pulpy thrillers	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :	1
energy it 's documenting	1
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	1
sex with strangers is a success .	1
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels	0
rare and riveting	1
the empty stud knockabout	0
fairly straightforward	1
with an undeniable energy	1
prolonged and boring	0
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers )	1
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	0
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but	1
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
the illogic of its characters	0
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest	1
burns out	0
commander-in-chief	1
rated eee for excitement	1
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,	1
ghetto	0
needed	1
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title	0
good natured	1
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable	0
is not only the best date movie of the year	1
save their children	1
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	0
90-minute , four-star movie	1
lame	0
puts enough salt	1
90 punitive minutes	0
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise	0
as well-written as sexy beast	1
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered	0
warm and winning	1
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women	1
ended so damned soon	0
's too long and unfocused .	0
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist	0
high-profile	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie	1
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this	0
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
the most magical and most fun family fare	1
nearly incoherent	0
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	1
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion	0
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title	1
much stranger than any fiction	0
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information	1
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
he does best	1
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
memorable	1
emotionally strong and politically potent	1
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film	1
to arrest development in a dead-end existence	0
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	0
an open wound	0
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	0
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
it 's also one of the smartest	1
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	1
it has its faults ,	0
may be the performances of their careers	1
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	0
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
with the best of them	1
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk	0
achingly sad	0
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
and game phenomenon	1
bore	0
versatile stanley kwan	1
wasted potential	0
features some decent performances	1
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers	0
musicals back	1
darkly funny and frequently insightful	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though ,	1
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive	1
vastly improved germanic version	1
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films	0
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen	1
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
boring man	0
little else	0
too deep	0
most brilliant and brutal	1
need comforting fantasies about mental illness	0
warn	0
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899	1
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
in grand passion	1
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
a modestly made but	1
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
powerful	1
lurid and less than lucid work	0
hilarious ode	1
definitive account	1
transparent attempts	0
the chaotic horror	0
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet	1
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
turd	0
add anything fresh	1
intriguing species	1
helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	1
no amount of imagination , no creature	0
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
none of which ever seem to hit	0
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth )	0
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue	0
childhood imagination	1
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
got	1
these women are spectacular	1
she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
and `` terrible	0
can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
could be intriguing	1
, gut-clutching piece	1
a light ,	1
considerable appeal	1
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	0
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough	1
goofiest	1
splendid actors	1
somehow makes it all the more compelling .	1
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here	0
bleak	0
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	1
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	0
creative belly laughs	1
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
the price	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based	1
is one big , dumb action movie .	0
the most oddly honest hollywood document	1
vibrant with originality	1
behind bars	1
always entertaining , and	1
've got something pretty damn close	1
folds under its own thinness .	0
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
`` radical '' or `` suck ''	0
, every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	1
charming and evoking	1
is actually one of its strengths	1
leave it	0
no worse	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120	0
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form	0
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
more measured or polished production	1
vanity project	0
making me groggy	0
brainless ,	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;	0
most of the problems with the film	0
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
is interested in nothing	0
capturing	1
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
characteristically engorged and sloppy	0
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
of warmth	1
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
no solace here	0
makes for a touching love story ,	1
a genre gem	1
the food is enticing	1
wide-awake all the way through	1
shameless self-caricature	0
loaded with good intentions	1
the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
a terrific date movie	1
has something to say	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough	1
is more likely to induce sleep than fright	0
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study	1
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
innovative	1
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
the gorgeous locales and	1
mistake .	0
birot 's	0
as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah	0
crass , contrived sequels	0
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
is nevertheless compelling	1
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	0
-- a nice , harmless date film	1
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change	1
a relentlessly globalizing world	1
visually graceful	1
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation	1
's a hellish	0
feeling guilty	0
draws you	1
very very strong	1
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	0
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet	1
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again	1
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking	1
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
hopkins/rock collision	0
cold , pretentious	0
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --	0
that scalds like acid	0
still-raw emotions	1
talents	1
this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
is visually ravishing	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	1
through this mess	0
ambition	1
at once visceral and spiritual	1
no explanation or even	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	0
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	1
good period reconstruction	1
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions	1
more psychotic than romantic	0
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy	0
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
rank with its worthy predecessors	1
small ... with considerable aplomb	1
paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
uplifter .	1
whipping	0
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	0
unblinkingly pure	1
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
stress ` dumb .	0
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
the character 's gripping humanity	1
a stunningly unoriginal premise	0
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable	0
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	0
choppy , surface-effect feeling	0
problematic script	0
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter	1
a fascinating character	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and	0
terrorist attacks	0
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
its funny , moving yarn	1
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys	1
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat	0
compelling	1
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be	1
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
hedonistic	0
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided	0
skill and determination	1
pollyana would reach for a barf bag	0
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and	1
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material	0
imbecilic	0
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,	0
weighted down with slow	0
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but	1
morally bankrupt characters	0
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
are canny and spiced with irony	1
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
because it overstays its natural running time	0
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	0
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
only mildly funny	1
money-grubbing	0
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	1
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
goofiness	1
oftentimes funny , yet	1
very predictable	0
this quality band may pick up new admirers	1
as the synergistic impulse that created it	1
and crude film	0
soft-core twaddle	0
brainless	0
glib but bouncy	1
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for	0
about surprising us by trying something new	1
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...	0
disappointing in comparison	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is	1
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2	1
in a slap-happy mood	1
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
a moratorium	0
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	0
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury	1
labute continues to improve .	1
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
dead bodies	0
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller	1
is extraordinarily good	1
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
like many of his works	1
unamusing	0
clear and reliable	1
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home	1
yeah	1
there is truth here	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
highly uneven and inconsistent	0
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	1
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ,	1
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
may not be pleased	0
lingering creepiness one	0
careless and unfocused	0
the delicious trimmings	1
under cars	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject	1
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .	0
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	0
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
flavors and emotions	1
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	1
unexpected flashes of dark comedy	1
ends with a whimper	0
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	0
'll enjoy this movie	1
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures	1
will have fun with	1
interesting work	1
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
resolutely unamusing	0
a no-holds-barred cinematic	1
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort	1
is often quite rich and exciting	1
its overall sense of mystery	1
between the fantastic and the believable	1
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
a coming-of-age tale	1
with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
chilling movie	1
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking	0
here is doa .	0
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
loud , ugly , irritating	0
builds its multi-character story with a flourish	1
, annoying , heavy-handed	0
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
sweet treasure and something	1
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies	0
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed	0
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise	0
( and lovely ) experiment	1
enough said , except : film overboard !	0
, well , funnier .	1
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
supernatural thriller	1
a refreshing and comical spin	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces	1
intelligence and originality	1
for the last 15 minutes	0
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots	0
simple and innocent	1
an excellent job	1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	0
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	1
visually compelling	1
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
rouses us	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable	1
played this story straight	1
it 's offensive	0
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce	0
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
a moving story	1
some real vitality and	1
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane	1
some very good comedic songs	1
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	0
's provocative stuff	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade	1
extreme action-packed film	1
delightful little film	1
part of being a good documentarian	1
a moving picture that does not move .	0
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
sign	1
lacks the inspiration of the original	0
self-consciously poetic	1
much first-rate	1
but because of the startling intimacy	1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,	0
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
a joyous occasion	1
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect	1
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal	1
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs	0
is a particularly vexing handicap	0
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
the enduring strengths	1
's nowhere near as exciting as either	0
a sterling ensemble cast	1
's drab .	0
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	0
, natural acting	1
half-assed film .	0
white 's dry wit	1
go down with a ship as leaky as this	0
makes it attractive throughout	1
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time	0
paul cox needed to show it .	0
exciting documentary .	1
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin	1
certainly ca n't recommend it	0
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls	1
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
's real visual charge to the filmmaking	1
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	0
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art	0
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye	1
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
bring out the cake	1
has it beat by a country mile	0
the best straight-up	1
slap	0
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
an intoxicating	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films	1
very well	1
talky films	0
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
musical passion	1
authentic christmas spirit	1
a disaster	0
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart	1
of the film 's problems	0
evolve	1
a witty , whimsical feature debut	1
this erotic cannibal movie is boring	0
a rollicking	1
hero performances	1
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
downhill	0
held my interest	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but	0
a truly wonderful tale	1
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention	0
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks	1
more to think about after the final frame	1
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	1
a film -- full of life and small delights --	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...	0
skip this dreck	0
as telling a country skunk	0
outlandish	0
for that matter , shrek )	1
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy	1
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
of the theater	1
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
sad , sordid universe	0
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships	0
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
excellent	1
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	0
keen eye ,	1
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work	1
elephant feces	0
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	1
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling	1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	0
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
the huskies are beautiful	1
the power of the huston performance	1
, the plot 's saccharine thrust	0
lynch , jeunet , and von trier	1
brutally honest individual	1
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
adventures	1
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip	0
wonderful ensemble cast	1
with most intelligent viewers	1
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships	0
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	0
whip-smart	1
sensitive ensemble performances and	1
would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	0
it 's loud and boring ;	0
already-shallow	0
advantage	1
faithful to melville 's plotline	1
a very resonant chord	1
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes	1
good , dry , reliable textbook	1
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful	0
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all	1
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and	1
valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
to a dumb story	0
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties	0
revulsion	0
still fun and enjoyable	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst	1
excuse to eat popcorn	0
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	0
romanticization	1
too much power , not enough puff .	0
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive	0
kind	1
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story	1
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
funny situations and honest observations	1
a successful example	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,	1
definitive	1
swedish	1
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
where nothing really happens .	0
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition	1
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension	0
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	0
excels in spectacle and pacing	1
fascinating , bombshell documentary	1
of emotional desperation	0
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes	0
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	0
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
to the power of the eccentric and the strange	1
no quarter to anyone	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
grotesque narcissism	0
lee 's achievement	1
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light	1
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	1
of emotional comfort	1
iranian drama	1
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	1
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ...	0
originality is sorely lacking .	0
to make us share their enthusiasm	1
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes	0
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience	0
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots	1
long workout	1
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride	1
be embraced	1
rewarding	1
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
sweet , and intermittently hilarious	1
become wearisome	0
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
complex characters	1
dramatically satisfying heroine	1
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	1
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
dramatic experience .	1
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	0
how families can offer either despair or consolation	1
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
, shrewd , powerful act	1
is n't the actor to save it .	0
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
shines	1
cares	1
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies	1
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful	1
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid	1
shows moments of promise	1
refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man	0
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	0
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	1
with considerable aplomb	1
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
( and probably should have )	0
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
spiritual journey	1
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and	0
a vivid , spicy footnote	1
through ill-conceived action pieces	0
its plot contrivances	0
graceful , moving	1
emotionally grand	1
that is wickedly fun to watch	1
crematorium	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so	1
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
salvation and good intentions	1
poo-poo jokes	0
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	1
it slow , predictable and not very amusing	0
the most inventive	1
amazing breakthrough	1
of the austin powers films	1
, this could be a passable date film .	1
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half	0
on all levels	1
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite	0
been so aggressively anti-erotic	0
tedium	0
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde	0
intermittently good time	1
so stunning	1
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map	0
often surprising twists	1
middle-of-the-road blandness	0
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and	1
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
a fascinating curiosity piece --	1
is great	1
irritatingly	0
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	0
did i miss something ? ''	0
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
incurably romantic	1
terminally cute drama	1
quickly wears out its limited welcome	0
with the fast , funny , and even touching story	1
though they are having so much fun	1
this dvd	1
the consciously dumbed-down approach	0
buckaroo	1
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
hideously	0
wind chimes	1
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
action-adventure buffs	1
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	1
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
fatal ailments	0
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
a sharper , cleaner script	1
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness	0
is a just a waste	0
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages	1
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap	1
for with its heart	1
enjoyably fast-moving	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
its rapid-fire delivery	1
enchanting ...	1
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling	0
hugely rewarding	1
criminal	0
helmer	1
no solace here ,	0
inimitable	1
is virtually unwatchable	0
keeps you	1
cold , pretentious ,	0
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
to bodacious	1
it looks good , sonny	1
's as crisp and to the point	1
who paid to see it	0
an unsettling sight , and	0
seems as deflated as he does	0
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	0
delusional	0
to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
dullingly repetitive	0
dull	0
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel	0
shot like a postcard	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes ,	1
the ingenuity	1
correctly	1
softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
some powerful people	1
all too clever complexity	1
it is very difficult to care about the character	0
is clever and funny	1
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	1
knockabout	1
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
, narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights	0
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
, overblown enterprise	0
sometimes exceptional film	1
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity	1
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
, thought-provoking film	1
remarkable serenity and discipline	1
the screenplay falls somewhat short	0
generates plot points	1
preferable	1
lusty ,	1
make this an eminently engrossing film	1
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career	1
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying	1
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	0
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
this cliche pileup	0
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them	1
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either	0
the action scenes are poorly delivered	0
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	1
love , memory , history and	1
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching	1
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile	1
courage and	1
a welcome relief	1
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along	0
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
genius	1
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich	1
sweetest thing	1
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
cultivation	1
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city	1
scummy	0
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz	1
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement	0
added clout	1
vainly	0
far too sentimental	0
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys	1
skip it	0
satisfying conclusions	1
run-of-the-mill	0
most incoherent	0
supremely good	1
... silly humbuggery ...	0
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
a good vampire tale	1
makes oliver far more interesting	1
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	1
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and	0
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles	1
combustible mixture	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered	0
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful	1
cute factor	1
can easily worm its way into your heart	1
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash	0
a bitter taste	0
for on-screen chemistry	1
bad film you thought was going to be really awful	0
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
the highest and the performances	1
contradiction	0
top-heavy	0
ludicrous	0
an exquisite motion picture	1
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater	0
can easily worm its way into your heart .	1
woo	1
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity	1
a few laughs but nothing else	0
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna	1
pleasure .	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
sheer dumbness	0
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization	1
utterly painful to watch	0
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time	1
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points	0
no bearing on the story	0
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight	1
eloquent film	1
out-of-kilter character	0
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire	0
insignificance	0
inspire a trip to the video store --	1
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
unembarrassing but unmemorable	0
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
a pretty good execution	1
a snore and	0
exceptionally good	1
friday the 13th	1
a thoughtful movie ,	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game	1
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	1
feel absolutely	1
to blue hilarity	1
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and	0
little melodramatic	0
has really done his subject justice .	1
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	0
an exquisite , unfakable sense	1
, provocative	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	1
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
serene , the humor wry and sprightly	1
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable	0
enough to give you brain strain	0
her pure fantasy character ,	1
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,	1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	0
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative	0
color and depth , and rather a good time	1
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
an actual vietnam war combat movie	1
pretty much self-centered	0
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks	1
catching solely on its visual merits	1
pristine camerawork	1
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks	1
the highly predictable narrative falls short	0
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
the best short story writing	1
fascinate me	1
'll still have a good time . ''	1
of the most unpleasant things the studio	0
robinson 's web of suspense	1
of quiet desperation	0
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
sharp as a samurai sword	1
everybody else is in the background	1
sophisticated performance	1
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances	0
in an admittedly middling film	0
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	0
hard , endearing , caring , warm .	1
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	0
as lumpy as two-day old porridge	0
hastily dubbed	0
give a thought to the folks who prepare and	1
dramatic nor	0
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	1
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	0
a more credible script , though	1
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	0
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
a real audience-pleaser	1
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots	0
hold dear about cinema ,	1
phrase ` fatal script error	0
can see coming a mile away	0
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun	1
to make it worth watching	1
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity	1
like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,	0
feminist empowerment tale thinly	0
embodies the transformation of his character completely	1
well-made and satisfying	1
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake	0
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	1
aged past his prime	0
a big , tender hug	1
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	1
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .	0
from a woodland stream	1
pulpy	0
does n't completely	0
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller	1
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation	0
rock 's stand-up magic	1
at least funny	1
for the most part , the film is deadly dull	0
the broiling sun	0
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	1
trying to create something original	1
the film was better than saving private ryan	1
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	0
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone	0
splash	1
're far better served by the source material	0
hard , endearing , caring	1
are simply intoxicating	1
of the war	0
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
see it	1
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
long gone	0
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy	1
of new york locales and sharp writing	1
all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
all awkward , static ,	0
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here	0
irresponsible sandlerian	0
the perfect movie many have made it out to be	1
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
genuinely unnerving	0
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	0
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and	0
freshness and spirit	1
inexpressive	0
the part where nothing 's happening ,	0
whose cumulative effect is chilling	1
admit i walked out of runteldat	0
espn	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	1
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery	1
with universal appeal	1
match his ambition	1
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	0
hardly watchable	0
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
perfectly describes pauline & paulette	1
mesmerize	1
finds his inspiration	1
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet	1
being very inspiring or insightful	1
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an	0
excellent latin actors of all ages	1
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
is a total misfire .	0
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
8 crazy nights	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
dramatic impact	1
a few cheap shocks	0
throbbing sincerity	1
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients	1
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay	0
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation	0
tells this very compelling tale	1
mournful	0
of particular value or merit	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	1
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
sadly --	0
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat	0
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	0
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
cross between highlander and lolita	1
the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
an mtv , sugar hysteria ,	0
addictive	1
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
all-powerful	1
enough energy and excitement	1
the brave , uninhibited performances	1
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking	1
see this piece of crap again	0
journalistically dubious ,	0
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	0
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	1
a little-remembered world	1
engross even	1
talky , artificial and opaque	0
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee	1
's worth yet another visit	1
equals the sum of its pretensions	0
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable	0
benefit	1
rich , and strange	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor	0
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style	1
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
too overdone	0
saddled	0
lunacy	0
miracle	1
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story	0
understand her choices	1
keep you wide awake and ...	1
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline	0
sweet and	1
human comedy	1
possibly will enjoy it	1
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	1
of cheesy dialogue	0
has no character , loveable or otherwise	0
disingenuous ,	0
sometimes murky , always brooding look	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose ,	1
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts	1
but boilerplate clichés	0
an admirable rigor	1
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	0
a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen	1
into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time	0
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .	0
had all its vital essence scooped out and	0
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor	0
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
miracle of miracles , the movie	1
like it	1
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	1
elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .	0
far more stylish	1
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
to be more complex than your average film	1
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
the film is a pleasant enough dish .	1
disconcertingly slack	0
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
honest poetry	1
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
a taut , sobering film .	1
is n't very interesting actually	0
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
the brain	1
perhaps the grossest movie	0
a fascinating film	1
hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes	0
ca n't quite live up to it	0
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	0
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening	0
surrealist	0
to lead a group of talented friends astray	0
your pooper-scoopers	0
was vile enough .	0
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
formidable	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining	1
best little `` horror '' movie	1
often funny way	1
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments	1
the result is disappointing	0
falls back	0
extant stardom	1
well together	1
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	1
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline	0
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --	1
gross-out college comedy	0
who sometimes defies sympathy	0
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen	0
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
, unlikable characters	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
yet compelling	1
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
wickedly funny ,	1
cliched	0
exhilarating new	1
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	1
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids	1
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title	0
so second-rate	0
something to be fully forgotten	0
packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline	1
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
and witty feature	1
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	1
sentimentalizing	1
so graceless and devoid	0
surprisingly short of both adventure and song	0
a total misfire	0
personable , amusing cast	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	1
the strain of its plot contrivances and	0
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but	0
pretty watchable	1
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that	1
that the talented cast generally	1
smarter than your average bond	1
lurks just below the proceedings and	0
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	1
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances	0
plodding soap opera	0
an effective portrait of a life in stasis --	1
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral	0
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me	1
warm , inviting	1
two marvelously	1
excruciatingly unfunny	0
is even more embracing than monty ,	1
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency	1
tricky and satisfying as any of david	1
every indulgent , indie trick in the book	0
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration	1
vein	1
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
make this a charmer .	1
a strong thumbs	1
the national lampoon film franchise	1
just a string of stale gags	0
damning and damned compelling	1
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings	1
rooted in a sincere performance	1
genuinely good	1
contemplative	1
're desperate for the evening to end	0
hard-hitting documentary	1
i skipped country bears	0
charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
evolved from star to superstar	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way	1
laugh-out-loud	1
is actually one of its strengths .	1
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
little action , almost	0
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51	0
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes	0
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
defiantly and delightfully against the grain	1
to the soggy performances	0
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
there is a real subject here	1
is kinda wrong in places	0
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular	1
big , fat , dumb	0
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	0
of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore	1
negative	0
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	0
're at the right film .	1
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention	0
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides	0
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
treasure .	1
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
festival	1
very stilted in its dialogue	0
morbid	0
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	0
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed	1
is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
have to check your brain at the door	0
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes	1
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room	0
the requisite faux-urban vibe and	0
, and even touching	1
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls	1
intriguing and alluring premise	1
arrive early and stay late	1
, it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
an art	1
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	0
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
phlegmatic bore	0
frittered	0
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
the sum of its pretensions	0
a dentist 's waiting room	0
very charming and funny movie	1
saddled	0
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	0
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
with sharp ears and eyes	1
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama	0
the violence	0
no more	0
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action ,	1
it 's provocative stuff	1
complete shambles	0
otherwise excellent film	1
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun	0
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	0
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
is n't as sharp as the original	0
and crude humor	0
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long	1
a grand fart	0
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,	0
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage	0
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	1
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
tiresome ugliness	0
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
the film falters	0
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste	0
to shine	1
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
bad prose	0
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
you can release your pent up anger	1
an important , original talent	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm	1
it can do even more damage	0
hurried , badly cobbled look	0
this amiable picture	1
one funny popcorn flick .	1
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society	1
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
deep as a petri dish	0
the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	1
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	0
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...	0
the gentle and humane side	1
and weakly acted	0
gutless	0
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old	1
a suspenseful spin	1
for people who make movies and watch them	1
false , sitcom-worthy solutions	0
successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
terrific score	1
will be well worth your time	1
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;	0
ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	1
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
, the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
see this terrific film	1
( and lovely )	1
'' wanted and quite honestly	1
tender and	1
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster	0
offensive	0
boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	1
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful	1
realistic characters	1
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --	1
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
and insufferable ball	0
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	0
unleashes his trademark misogyny	0
is an uneven film for the most part	0
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film	1
alienating most viewers	0
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment	0
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring	0
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters	1
compelling mix	1
action laudable	1
subtly different	1
walked out on a movie	0
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '	0
of crap	0
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
speaks for itself	1
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces	0
more than their unique residences	1
overexposed	0
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
immature and unappealing to care about	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	0
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance	0
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival	1
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
junk-calorie	0
, funny	1
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,	0
unimpressively	0
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,	0
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context	1
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned	1
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	1
so vivid a portrait of a woman	1
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
's often overwritten ,	0
is wise	1
sag in certain places	0
originality , humor and pathos	1
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	1
is a much better mother-daughter tale	1
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet	1
a touching , sophisticated film	1
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and	0
penetrating	1
loud , witless mess	0
a disaster of a story	0
brings us another masterpiece	1
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like	0
a legal thriller	1
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible	0
liberating ability	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
rather thin moral	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and	1
every indulgent , indie trick	0
look ill at ease sharing the same scene	0
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	1
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese	0
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted	1
this date-night diversion	0
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen	0
inconsistent	0
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
a hilarious place to visit	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	1
thriller junk .	0
the brawn , but not	1
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
austerity and forcefulness	1
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	0
well-behaved film	1
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
for most of the characters	1
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	1
the world 's best actors	1
emotionally and narratively complex	1
in this tepid genre offering	0
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated	1
knows its classical music	1
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit	0
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective	1
last 15 minutes	1
a passable date film	1
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama	0
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
little narrative momentum	0
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts	1
on other levels	1
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	1
arty and jazzy	1
milked	0
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good	1
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	1
no sense of pride or shame	0
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present	1
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is	0
joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	0
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad	0
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
the best performance	1
worth telling	1
hilarity .	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --	1
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ,	1
the-night	1
reassuring , retro uplifter .	1
uni-dimensional nonsense machine	0
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome	0
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
most sincere and artful movie	1
's not a great monster movie .	0
enough sweet and	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny	1
of the conflict that came to define a generation	1
vaunted empathy	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,	0
an almost unbearably morbid	0
does n't really believe in it	0
for its originality	1
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
plodding	0
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
dynamic	1
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time	1
chafing	0
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
nevertheless , it still seems endless .	0
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel	0
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
scuzzy	0
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style	0
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
unsuccessful attempt	0
his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
misleading	0
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and	1
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
this film speaks for itself	1
laugh riot	1
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ;	0
make the stones weep -- as shameful	1
put together with the preteen boy in mind .	0
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme	0
made the full monty a smashing success ...	1
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified	1
the working class to life	1
huge action sequence	1
that embraces its old-fashioned themes	1
of justice	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances	1
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	0
is where ararat went astray .	0
, far more meaningful story	1
dramatically lackluster .	0
's worth the concentration .	1
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
genial and	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	1
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women	0
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
the field no favors	0
to the actress , and to her inventive director	1
as the treat of the title	1
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood	1
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale	1
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse	1
a very well-meaning movie , and it	1
baaaaaaaaad movie	0
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is	0
satisfyingly odd and intriguing	1
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
too violent	0
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
's a very very strong `` b + .	1
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell	0
is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
all the halfhearted zeal	0
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another	0
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
is entirely too straight-faced	0
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	0
gracious	1
intelligent , well-made b movie	1
surprisingly powerful and universal	1
to describe exactly how bad it is	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and	0
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
the achingly unfunny phonce	0
an excellent cast	1
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry	1
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
topple	0
savvy street activism	1
a more colorful , more playful tone	1
icily brilliant	1
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	0
female population	0
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform	0
, tender and heart-wrenching	1
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before	1
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
schneider is no steve martin	0
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe	0
enough charming moments	1
very strong	1
angry and	0
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
a massive infusion	0
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
crude to serve the work especially well	1
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
picture that does not move .	0
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions	1
episodic choppiness	0
very talented but underutilized	0
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
absurdities and	0
whimsicality ,	1
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp	0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .	0
benefits	1
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	0
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	0
, endearing , masterful	1
sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
solid job	1
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
give it considerable punch .	1
that leaves you wanting more	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	1
like a cheap lawn chair	0
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	0
well paced and satisfying	1
what could have	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale	1
appealing leads	1
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
of its execution and skill of its cast	1
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	0
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us :	0
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
see over and over	1
the pre-teen crowd	1
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	0
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	0
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
is a horrible movie --	0
does n't deliver a great story , nor	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
crude film	0
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
grossly contradictory	0
leave a large dog alone	0
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	0
is surprisingly refreshing .	1
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
a half dozen	1
means to face your fears	1
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --	0
the group 's playful spark	1
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
at the expense of character	0
nervy and	1
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff	0
painful	0
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
little more than routine	0
fresh and	1
of grace	1
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	0
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you	0
the capable cast	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	0
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
, subtlety has never been his trademark	0
disrobed most of the cast ,	0
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	0
absurd plot twists	0
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
a canny crowd pleaser	1
give	1
it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
of our most flamboyant female comics	1
the heart and	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense	0
every moment crackles with tension , and	1
is n't much fun .	0
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	0
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
rather than real figures	0
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
are your cup of blood	1
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	1
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
best gay love stories	1
trash	0
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
talented , charismatic and tragically	1
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	1
not to have been edited at all	0
a life interestingly lived	1
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
light-hearted	1
music and laughter	1
brilliantly written and	1
an important film	1
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
is always welcome .	1
exploiting	0
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest	0
clean	1
overcomes its visual hideousness	0
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny	0
grow impatient	0
despite modest aspirations	1
grumbling	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan	0
real-life hollywood fairy-tale	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and	0
who unfortunately works with a two star script	0
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
a complete waste of time	0
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
gives everyone	1
comedically labored	0
a delightful , well-crafted family film	1
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice	1
unremittingly ugly movie	0
with grace and humor and gradually	1
'll love this movie	1
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
for the film 's winning tone	1
, wistful new film	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and	1
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
dead	0
is often very funny	1
shambles	0
family warmth	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects	0
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
turn and devolves	0
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and	1
the off-center humor is a constant	1
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations	0
prettiest pictures	1
engrossing entertainment	1
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing	1
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure	1
you 're far better served by the source material .	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	1
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .	1
has cheapened the artistry of making a film	0
brutally dry satire	0
even the digressions are funny .	1
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
has not spawned a single good film	0
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	0
endearing	1
arbitrarily plotted	0
a guilt-free trip	1
schmaltzy and clumsily	0
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering	1
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	0
demeaning its subjects	0
his strongest performance	1
hates its characters	0
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving	1
to the road warrior	1
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	1
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .	1
that movie was pretty bad	0
seeing things from new sides	1
it has its moments	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher	0
7th heaven	0
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	0
nationwide blight	0
a dime	1
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls	1
critical and commercial disaster	0
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness	0
unique	1
any art-house moviegoer	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and	1
losing his touch	0
this so-called satire	0
musty	0
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .	0
of the unsung heroes of 20th century	1
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy	1
is spectacular	1
the confusing sexual messages	0
is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
delightfully against the grain	1
most inventive directors	1
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either	0
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
liked it just enough .	1
with imagination	1
love head-on	1
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	0
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do	1
complain	0
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie	0
not a trace	0
cobbled together out of older movies	0
hard to resist .	1
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
anything sandler	1
of obligatory cheap	0
the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
kind , unapologetic	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet	0
excellent job	1
preposterous moments	0
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
funnier	1
seem to get a coherent rhythm going	1
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	0
bring something new into the mix	1
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	0
padded	0
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution	0
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
all the wiggling energy	1
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story	0
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	1
thrill you , touch you	1
is bad	0
atrocious	0
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company ,	0
meaningless	0
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	0
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	0
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison	1
to fruition in her sophomore effort	1
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
the insipid script	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,	1
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format	1
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	0
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	0
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
with originality	1
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed	1
of irreparable damage	0
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
amused indictment	1
consider it ` perfection .	1
a riveting , brisk delight	1
revealing nothing	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
taken the protagonists a full hour	0
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	0
-- ever so gracefully --	1
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
's not original enough	0
hopelessly out	0
target practice	1
too shallow for an older one .	0
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore	0
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
alfred hitchcock 's	1
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	0
a movie instead of an endless trailer	0
touching , raucously amusing	1
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	0
contemptible	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american	1
old-fashioned-movie movie	1
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards	0
missed opportunities .	0
cranked out on an assembly line	0
it 's moving	1
ill-advised and poorly	0
reflected in almost every scene	1
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense	1
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated	1
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue	0
the death	0
rodrigues 's	1
give the movie points for	1
entirely humorless	0
superficiality	0
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and	0
the impressively discreet filmmakers	1
a more annoying , though	0
heart-felt	1
the success	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher ,	0
children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,	1
an enjoyable big movie	1
a great cast	1
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful	0
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
of poetry and passion	1
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another	1
as he was about inner consciousness	1
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
sweet , funny , charming , and	1
except it 's much	1
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
's undone by a sloppy script	0
there 's no real sense of suspense	0
better than	1
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension	0
his surprising discovery of love and humility	1
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
always surprising	1
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , and	0
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways	0
a monster	0
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes	0
dense	0
at blockbuster	1
bruised	0
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	1
shenanigans and	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and	1
the characters are intriguing and realistic	1
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	0
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all	0
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york	0
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics	1
moving	1
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
no lie	1
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
-- however canned --	0
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience	1
scratching your head	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking	0
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
can do even more damage	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance	0
do not automatically equal laughs	0
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
loud , bang-the-drum	0
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,	0
a splash even greater	1
's the perfect cure for insomnia	0
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off	0
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and	1
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention	0
entertains	1
iconoclastic uses	1
a vivid	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist	1
is credible and remarkably mature	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
an intriguing species of artifice	1
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender	1
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst	0
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race	1
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )	0
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ,	1
restrictive and chaotic	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale	1
wonder	1
would have saved this film a world of hurt	0
` it 's just a kids ' flick	0
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	1
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial	0
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes	0
once playful and haunting	1
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue	0
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	0
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and	1
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	0
cherished	1
its excellent storytelling	1
overused	0
at the very least	0
for a director i admire	1
spirit is a visual treat	1
needlessly opaque intro	0
whole thing	1
a headline-fresh thriller	1
, at times sublime , visuals	1
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
leave you wanting to abandon the theater	0
the lord of the rings	1
an intelligent and deeply	1
goodness	1
insomnia	0
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids	1
, they succeed	1
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going	0
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	0
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
silly and monotonous	0
's never dull and always looks good	1
go hand in hand with talent	1
a heavy stench of ` been there , done	0
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	0
's its first sign of trouble	0
help overcome the problematic script .	0
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
recent successes	1
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
gross-out humor	0
pack a powerful emotional wallop	1
cutting hollywood satire	1
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie	1
aimless , arduous , and	0
is deadly dull	0
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish	1
undeniable entertainment value	1
gets vivid performances from her cast	1
flawed humanity	1
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	0
wholesome and subversive	1
gets bogged down over 140 minutes	0
compelling story to tell	1
, the movie is better than you might think .	1
her life half-asleep	0
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	1
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness	0
unrelentingly grim -- and	0
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes	0
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ...	1
perfectly serviceable	1
horrified	0
just send it to cranky .	0
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
ill-considered notion	0
vibrance and	1
popcorn	1
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories	0
manages , with terrific flair ,	1
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )	0
shameful	0
to make such a worthless film	0
hilarious	1
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
solid and refined piece	1
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started	1
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
responsible	1
an inept , tedious spoof	0
the devastation of this disease	0
the upper echelons	1
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
novels to the big screen	1
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was	0
far more meaningful story	1
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place	1
there is a real subject here , and	1
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --	1
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work	0
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy	0
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
's loud and boring	0
low-rent retread	0
can get on television for free	0
a movie full of surprises	1
its terrific performances	1
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating	1
having an old friend	1
believing in something does matter	1
wet burlap sack	0
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
mostly fool 's	0
very good comedic songs	1
of cute animals and clumsy people	1
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug	0
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and	0
chillingly effective	1
enjoy on a certain level	1
brilliant surfing photography	1
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
such a talented director as chen kaige	1
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	0
is sorely lacking .	0
of dramatic fireworks	1
the substance it so desperately needs	0
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
exquisitely performed	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	1
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama	1
decent performance	1
imax trip	1
veracity	1
on it	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,	0
has never been more charming than in about a boy	1
's also uninspired ,	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit	1
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget	1
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
a ) soulless	0
induces a kind of abstract guilt ,	0
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily	0
gentle , lapping rhythms	1
more accomplished	1
inside unnecessary films	0
whimsicality , narrative discipline and	1
into the urban heart	1
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior	1
amusedly ,	1
, madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
missing from it	0
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it	1
a marvel of production design	1
another night	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and	1
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
a sleep-inducing thriller	0
from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago	0
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
a single surprise	1
riveting and	1
, but wanes in the middle	0
you care about the characters	1
to transcend its clever concept	1
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out	0
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
luckiest viewers	1
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
flick that scalds like acid	0
that rare creature --	1
a bad soap opera	0
great cast	1
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	1
sometimes is a gem .	1
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
the story relevant in the first place	1
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them	1
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section	0
make a splash even greater	1
a guarantee	1
truly come to care about the main characters	1
improvise and scream	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,	1
invaluable service	1
it 's sort of in-between	1
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	1
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off	0
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals	1
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
lackadaisical	0
a glib but bouncy bit	1
wondrously creative	1
tale	1
thoughtful , emotional	1
charming , funny and beautifully	1
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying	1
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture	1
strong and unforced supporting cast	1
scratch for a lesson in scratching	0
is that it stinks .	0
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama	1
otherwise bleak tale	0
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter	0
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly	0
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action	0
delightful work	1
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza	1
that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
gets violently gang-raped	0
amazingly lame .	0
enjoy as mild escapism	1
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
drags , underscoring the obvious	0
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
respects the material without sentimentalizing it	1
bitter end	0
the best of them	1
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	0
some unpaid intern	0
opens today	1
the wild wild west	1
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	0
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films	1
all your mateys ,	1
, artificial and opaque	0
minor film	0
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe	0
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but	0
i laughed throughout the movie	1
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	0
been better than the fiction	1
see what he could make with a decent budget	1
, unusual , even nutty	1
steers clear of the sensational and	1
insufferable movie	0
of a paranoid and unlikable man	0
of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
, long-suffering but cruel	0
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
seriously intended movie	1
stately sense	1
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
important	1
long-suffering	0
one reason it 's so lackluster	0
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
to a harrison ford low	0
slightly naughty , just-above-average off	1
in itself , is extraordinary .	1
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack	1
to rush to the theater for this one	1
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film	1
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
snide and prejudice	0
lack contrast ,	0
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison	0
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
phenomenal , water-born cinematography	1
pretty listless collection	0
intoxicating atmosphere	1
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
wafer-thin movie	0
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely	0
dramatic punch and depth	1
this strenuously unconventional movie	0
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
extraordinary film	1
its lackluster gear	0
a fresh point of view	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense	1
of a growing strain of daring films	1
threefold expansion	1
and in the best way	1
effective	1
that only seems to care about the bottom line	0
an iconoclastic artist	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,	1
most intelligent viewers	1
whiny	0
drek	0
a sturdiness and solidity	1
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is	0
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state	1
ordinary and obvious	0
the guru who helped	1
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding	1
, i did n't care .	0
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece	1
inventive and mordantly humorous	1
that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
imagination	1
a movie theater	1
polished , well-structured film	1
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire	0
hastily and	0
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies	1
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
the ridiculous bolero	0
delivered with such conviction	1
straight from the ages	1
jolt you	1
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire	0
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur	1
a full-frontal attack on audience patience	0
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere	1
is a lumbering load of hokum but	0
engrossing story	1
enjoy the movie	1
for the toilet and scores a direct hit	0
, beloved genres	1
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but	1
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper	0
feels rigged and sluggish	0
a troubled and determined homicide cop	0
its oscar nomination	1
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss	1
is a convincing one , and	1
it has definite weaknesses	0
impart a message	1
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,	1
a raise	1
made a decent ` intro ' documentary	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	0
opening up	1
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	0
the bland songs	0
that have become a spielberg trademark	1
with heart and humor	1
tortured and self-conscious material	0
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,	1
in reverse	1
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
coffee	1
especially fine	1
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
will please eastwood 's loyal fans	1
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	0
exploits ( headbanger )	0
valuable	1
as temptingly easy	1
and narrative strength	1
's no real sense of suspense	0
enjoyed	1
smart ,	1
inauthentic	0
a delightful comedy centering on food	1
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés	0
self-indulgent	0
) becomes more specimen than character	0
at 18 or 80	1
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	1
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting	0
well worth watching	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	0
engaging and exciting narrative	1
swooping down on a string of exotic locales	1
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it	0
unstinting	0
nearly every attempt at humor	1
mediocre movies	0
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
believe anyone would really buy this stuff	0
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
in the sun	1
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness	0
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together	0
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
makes this movie worth seeing	1
, will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
firing on all cylinders	1
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	1
something i would rather live in denial about	0
a winning comedy	1
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
bears out as your typical junkie opera	0
mixed-up	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;	1
jagged camera moves	0
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	1
this bad on purpose	0
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
that constantly defies expectation	1
most appealing movies	1
it finds a nice rhythm .	1
far less crass	1
a visual spectacle	1
encumbers itself	0
erotically frank	1
before but never so vividly	1
say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
love him	1
greatest hits	1
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances	1
harsh conceptual exercise	0
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .	1
anguished	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and	0
dreadfully	0
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending	0
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
ended up in a movie this bad	0
made no such thing	0
're in luck	1
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
has its heart ( and its palate )	1
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person	0
worst thing	0
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
just a bunch of good actors	1
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
self-mocking ,	0
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
frustrating and	0
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	0
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
will keep coming	1
is n't a very	0
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
that perverse element	0
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance	0
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
first-class , natural acting and	1
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	1
timeless and universal tale	1
live happily ever after	1
weird little movie	0
one of the worst films of the summer	0
one fantastic ( and educational )	1
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them	0
a tragic dimension	0
it 's not very good either .	0
saved this film	1
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together	1
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale	1
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece	1
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness	1
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,	1
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
a fascinating documentary	1
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story	1
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,	0
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and	1
deserves a sequel	1
moments of hilarity to be had	1
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
a sharp script and strong performances	1
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight	0
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss	1
is compelling enough	1
makes it seem fresh again .	1
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals	1
on the soullessness of work	0
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison	0
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,	1
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	0
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
tender and heart-wrenching	1
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame	0
, virulent and foul-natured	0
good action , good acting ,	1
almost bergmanesque intensity	0
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
with serious ideas	1
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
enormous	1
of cliches	0
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich :	1
's coherent , well shot , and	1
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and	0
sweet , funny , charming ,	1
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
happened to good actors	1
re-fried green tomatoes	0
sweet and modest	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	1
dry and	0
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
rent those movies instead ,	0
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
most intriguing movie experiences	1
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
inadequately motivated	0
constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
poetic	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story and	1
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion	0
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy	1
israeli/palestinian conflict as	1
the movie rising above similar fare	1
a liability	0
not to be moved by this drama	0
is a fascinating little tale .	1
recovering from its demented premise	0
a fascinating glimpse	1
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	0
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank	0
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun	1
lots of laughs	1
to be a wacky , screwball comedy	1
with real world events	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
a well-made pizza	1
this film should not be missed .	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	0
pedestrian , flat drama	0
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form	1
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
top-notch british actor	1
smart and funny	1
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
her most charmless	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant	1
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake	0
have to see this	1
a kick	1
leave	0
place for a great film noir	1
delivers the goods	1
bad direction and bad acting --	0
be found a tough beauty	1
played-out idea	0
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
trudge out	0
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
on standard horror flick formula	0
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
for something new	1
the q in quirky	1
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit	1
sumptuous ocean visuals	1
is well worth seeing	1
a powerful sequel and	1
avoiding eye contact and	0
, intelligent	1
will want to see over and over again	1
the highest production values	1
follows into melodrama and silliness	0
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
revelatory	1
realized through clever makeup design ,	1
may not be particularly innovative	0
unusually crafty and intelligent	1
is never able to pull it back on course .	0
artificial	0
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but	1
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic	0
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	1
with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles	0
's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards	1
every punchline predictable	0
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself	1
i loved the look of this film .	1
's great cinematic polemic	1
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale	0
forcing	0
the best possible senses of both those words	1
confusing and horrifying vision	0
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
philosophical	1
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
involved ,	1
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut	1
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and	0
competent performers	1
lovely and	1
the israeli/palestinian conflict as	0
plot and pornographic way	0
the somber pacing and lack	0
beautiful , entertaining two hours	1
a no-bull throwback	1
has moments of inspired humor	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...	1
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an	0
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	0
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
is surprisingly brilliant ,	1
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice	0
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
it will stay with you	1
always hilarious meara	1
be good	1
a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	1
over-the-top trash	0
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...	1
be completely forgettable	0
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns	1
can find humor	1
the dreadfulness	0
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle	1
is why anybody picked it up .	0
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	1
us to forget most of the film 's problems	0
the action clichés just pile up .	0
so , i trust	1
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
with lots of sloppiness	0
and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character	0
the beat he hears in his soul	1
i recommend it for its originality alone	1
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
overflows with wisdom and emotion .	1
farts , boobs	0
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself	0
that i just did n't care	0
dupe the viewer	0
has done excellent work here .	1
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
cranky	0
a great impression	1
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets	0
fresh territory	1
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	0
lifting the pedestal higher	1
uselessly	0
creep	0
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy	1
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one	1
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
less psycho	1
sounding	1
highly entertaining	1
comes off as insultingly simplistic	0
a work of art	1
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	0
engrossing portrait	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and	1
its need to reassure	0
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth	1
tediously exasperating	0
meandering , and sometimes dry	0
a stylistic	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact	1
freshman fluke	0
manages for but a few seconds	0
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	0
above the ordinary	1
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
dull exposition	0
loses all	0
of the greatest date movies in years	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly	1
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling	0
can you take before indigestion sets in	0
genuine	1
does dickens as it should be done cinematically	1
animation back 30 years	0
teetering on the edge of sanity	0
give credit to everyone from robinson	1
spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
one that should be thrown back in the river	0
gives none to the audience	0
overblown enterprise	0
one of the funnier movies	1
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad	0
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow	1
an unseemly pleasure	1
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans	1
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
their memorable and resourceful performances	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot	0
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food	0
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
as that sentiment	1
no apparent joy	0
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows	1
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
's better than the phantom menace	1
of how sandler is losing his touch	0
poor casting	0
better	1
with more emotional force than any other recent film	1
done with noticeably less energy and imagination	0
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
a delightful little film	1
was n't at least watchable	0
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
inherently caustic and	0
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen	1
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
the paranoid claustrophobia	0
are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
above the level of a telanovela	0
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as	1
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
the charm of kevin kline	1
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations	0
disaster	0
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster	0
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .	1
still fun and enjoyable and	1
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
impressive fake documentary	1
smartest	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside	1
urge to doze	0
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
giddy viewing	1
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****	0
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	0
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .	0
gets old quickly	0
beware the quirky brit-com .	0
to match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
, my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
really tells the tale	1
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation	1
uneven performances and	0
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
about the life	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable	0
psychotic than romantic	0
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away	1
memorable cinematic experience	1
displays in freshening the play	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity	0
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters	0
one of those so-so films that could have been much better	0
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
seen some bad singer-turned actors	0
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
bitter pill	0
a two star script	0
cliche-ridden	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
of heart or conservative of spirit	1
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable	1
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female	1
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre	1
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie	0
is a hoot , and	1
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --	0
that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
enthusiastically	1
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	0
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me	1
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
are wasted in it	0
shallow and dim-witted	0
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	0
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire	0
vin diesel is the man .	1
prepare to marvel again	1
for a bad film	0
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
is funny and pithy ,	1
incapable of being boring	1
to life in the performances	1
uncompromising knowledge	1
sweeping battle scenes	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter	0
finely crafted , finely written ,	1
is oscar-worthy .	1
empire '' lacks in depth	0
agreeably startling	1
awakening and ripening	1
the plot offers few surprises	0
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people	1
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
enticing and often funny documentary .	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	0
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	0
overwritten	0
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear	0
watching it was painful .	0
a choke leash	0
this girl	1
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride	1
deflated	0
, it will be well worth your time .	1
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	0
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
clarity	1
be as bored	0
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	1
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and	1
tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
is just garbage .	0
an extraordinary poignancy ,	1
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle	0
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
may have been born to make	1
gently funny , sweetly adventurous	1
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics	0
unholy hokum .	0
is still quite good-natured and	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow	0
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
a hole in your head	0
a funny no-brainer	1
almost saves the movie .	0
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
purely enjoyable	1
contrived , unmotivated	0
will turn out okay	1
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
induces headaches	0
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
emphasizes the computer and the cool	1
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
( a ) strong piece of work .	1
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
its logical loopholes ,	0
to which it succeeds	1
energetic , extreme-sports adventure	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm	1
in 1958 brooklyn	1
is built on a potentially interesting idea	1
big stars and	1
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
deserves a better vehicle	0
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency	0
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs	1
is repulsive and depressing .	0
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
get	1
that soars above the material realm	1
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
lead actress andie macdowell	1
oppressively heavy	0
develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan ,	0
reverent , and subtly different	1
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	1
a lost ideal	0
good-natured and	1
's always fun to watch	1
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images	0
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor	1
who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
atmospheric weirdness	1
squanders chan 's uniqueness	0
unflattering	0
as brave and challenging	1
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	1
formidable arithmetic	0
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze	1
one of the more influential works	1
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	0
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters	0
you feel good	1
far more often than the warfare	1
an engaging mystery	1
insipid	0
no way original ,	0
slickest	1
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
dinner guest	1
a pretty decent little documentary	1
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability	1
ugliness	0
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest ,	1
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
enjoyed it just as much !	1
better than the phantom menace	1
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view	1
male hip hop fantasy	1
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	1
crisper and	1
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
flower-power liberation	1
the way this all works out	1
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
nothing new to see	0
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart	1
downright creepy	0
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	1
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
some like it	1
love this	1
this exciting new filmmaker	1
want nothing else than to show us a good time	1
a well loved classic	1
at best	1
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
for great cinema	1
the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
it 's sweet .	1
a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	1
duds	0
really horrible drek .	0
earthly	1
captain	1
the poor and the dispossessed	0
gets harder and harder to understand her choices	0
certainly does n't disappoint .	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	1
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema	1
directed , barely , by there	0
restrained and subtle	1
the absurdities and inconsistencies	0
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	1
the beat of a different drum	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
it takes you somewhere	1
it succeeds	1
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	1
little style	0
setting distracts	0
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
almost impossible	0
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels	0
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
generally smart casting	1
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds	0
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	0
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit	1
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
has a terrific look	1
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text	1
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland	0
flimsy flicks	0
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	0
dramatized pbs program	0
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
among the best films of the year .	1
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud	0
classic satire	1
with a twisted sense of humor	1
chilling , and affecting study	1
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast	0
us share their enthusiasm	1
a chilling tale of one	1
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals	1
is in a class by itself	1
forgettable effort	0
, has stopped challenging himself	0
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all	0
is not it	0
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
mindless pace	0
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but	0
literally	1
all this emotional misery	0
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	0
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
an ugly , revolting movie	0
irony	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor	1
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill	0
more disciplined grade-grubbers	0
fans	1
nice , light treat	1
scratching your head in amazement over the fact	0
albeit a visually compelling one ,	1
a good old-fashioned adventure	1
like to ride bikes	1
rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
clever , offbeat	1
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
phoned-in business	0
fall fast asleep	0
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
is one of those rare pictures	1
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo	0
is certainly easy to watch .	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial .	0
is analytical	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ...	1
the vagueness of topical excess	0
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;	1
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned	0
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again	0
irrelevancy	0
masterpiece	1
under your belt	1
narrative grace	1
's sweet and fluffy at the time	1
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	0
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	1
could hardly	0
can render it anything but laughable	0
more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations	0
rip-roaring comedy action	1
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	1
solid execution	1
those words	1
of perversity , comedy and romance	1
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures	0
is more interesting	1
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
a total lack	0
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
an essentially awkward version	0
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease	1
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
alluring	1
prevails	1
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm	1
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	1
this movie loves women at all	1
consumed by lust and love	1
romp from robert rodriguez .	1
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
, even delectable	1
best and most exciting	1
supermarket tabloids	0
that do n't care about being stupid	0
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and	1
a film of freshness , imagination and insight	1
gets sillier , not scarier	0
fizzle	0
should give `` scratch '' a second look	1
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled	0
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,	0
best movie	1
focus	1
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
always hilarious	1
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that	0
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .	1
then again , i hate myself most mornings .	0
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	0
carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems	1
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic	0
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
delicious	1
you might want to check it out	1
paranoid and unlikable	0
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	1
that is both gripping and compelling	1
rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
of portraying the devastation of this disease	0
iles	1
the natural affability that has made tucker a star	1
takes a classic story	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	0
see the attraction for the sole reason	1
profane and exploitative	0
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking	1
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
of denial	0
visually	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,	1
laugh-out-loud lunacy	1
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
afraid of the bad reviews	0
you wo n't be disappointed	1
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
sparking debate and	1
written so well ,	1
of california	1
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot	1
obnoxious	0
1993 classic	1
so convincing	1
most enjoyable releases	1
shallow and immature character	0
never becomes claustrophobic	1
on sophisticated , discerning taste	1
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
suffer the same fate	0
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
i imagined a movie ever could be	1
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash	0
the clumsy cliché	0
is an enjoyable big movie	1
do n't have a clue on the park .	0
two fine actors	1
bland hotels , highways , parking lots	0
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
is one of the year 's best films	1
the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions	1
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	0
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	0
blockbuster	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	0
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
and movie life	1
the star-making machinery of tinseltown	1
it drowns in sap .	0
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
the whiney characters bugged me	0
no good inside dope	0
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	0
are actually fascinating	1
a wholesome fantasy	1
hard to care	0
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends	0
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence	1
incorporates so much	1
those monologues stretch on and on	0
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score	1
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made	1
an overly sillified plot and	0
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness	1
of the finest	1
gets the job done	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
well done	1
passions , obsessions , and	1
is simply not enough of interest onscreen	0
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time	1
it 's tough to watch	0
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable	1
little action	0
plot holes	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,	0
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	1
keen eye , sweet spirit and	1
get into heaven	1
his fake backdrops	0
or , worse yet , nonexistent --	0
like the best of godard 's movies	1
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
no earthly reason	0
negligible	0
is not only a love song to the movies	1
the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
stylish sizzle	1
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
at his most critically insightful	1
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	1
, it really won my heart	1
refreshed	1
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
is brilliant ,	1
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
i 'll go out on a limb .	1
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
far more demanding than it needs to be	0
tell you	1
a smart , compelling drama .	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
is a disarmingly lived-in movie	1
too much exploitation	0
boredom	0
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
do n't even bother to rent this on video	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight	1
a frightening and compelling	1
the performances of their careers	1
a part of its grand locations	1
means check it out .	1
an insult to every family	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	1
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	0
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling	0
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style	1
solid , satisfying	1
to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
's so downbeat and nearly humorless	0
and artistically inept	0
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it	1
elegant , mannered and teasing	1
a twist -- far better	1
to be truly prurient	0
shines on all the characters ,	1
evelyn comes from the heart .	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick	0
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	1
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes	0
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
run of the mill	0
smartly played and smartly directed .	1
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor	0
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven .	0
any working class community	1
keep the story subtle and us in suspense	1
sharper , cleaner	1
expect from movies	0
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	1
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything	0
leads to a satisfying destination	1
is that it 's far too sentimental	0
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow	0
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality	0
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution	0
in his chilling , unnerving film	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera	1
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective	0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	0
as well its delightful cast --	1
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
most beautiful , evocative	1
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	1
come away from his film overwhelmed ,	1
be consumed and forgotten	0
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose	0
some laughs	1
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was	0
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing	1
gon na like this movie	1
visually engrossing	1
the lady and the duke surprisingly	1
should be poignant	0
favorably	1
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...	0
holds the film	1
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	0
mostly honest	1
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	0
that 's neither completely enlightening	0
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow	1
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	0
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you	0
times uncommonly moving	1
even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison	0
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	0
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch	0
playful and haunting	1
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,	1
flavors	1
the positive change in tone	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair	1
's so tedious	0
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	0
a knowing sense of humor	1
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
satisfy	1
ourselves and	1
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
thought-provoking and	1
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but	1
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled	1
unbearably dull	0
sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
was so uninspiring	0
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people	1
a minimalist beauty	1
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious ,	1
it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
humor , warmth , and	1
walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions --	0
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy	0
stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
it does n't make any sense	0
ca n't go wrong .	1
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own	0
unlikable , uninteresting ,	0
new york 's finest and	1
a reasonably entertaining sequel	1
sentimental mess	0
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker	1
much power	1
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	1
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	0
well-crafted psychological study	1
both innocent and jaded	1
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	0
than this mess	0
` realistic '	1
empty , fetishistic violence	0
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
continues to improve	1
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama	0
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .	0
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
epic scale	1
is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
rather beautiful	1
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
compressed characterisations	0
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
's not very good either	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and	1
'd probably turn it off ,	0
run for cover	0
junior-high	1
a very good viewing alternative for young women	1
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,	0
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .	1
notorious rise	1
are an absolute joy	1
awful	0
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening	0
few good ideas	1
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	0
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
clever script	1
its occasional charms	1
an eloquent memorial	1
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
, but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
unsympathetic hero	0
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have	1
fact , the best in recent memory	1
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	1
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
as a durable part of the movie landscape	1
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong	0
be nominated for an oscar next year	1
laughing	1
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but	0
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length	0
's already done way too often	0
the redeeming feature	1
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans	1
a strength	1
watch on video at home	0
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
all the annals	0
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers ''	1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life	1
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --	0
the ` are we a sick society	0
was essentially ,	1
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy	0
is never especially clever and often	0
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades	1
purposes of bland hollywood romance	0
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
amusing personalities	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence	1
be as lonely and needy	0
ca n't stand	0
moodiness	0
never existed	0
are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,	0
that has no teeth	0
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	1
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously	1
lousy script	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	1
is , in fact , so interesting	1
from a bygone era	0
gives the lie to many clichés and	0
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	1
with its wry observations	1
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and	1
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
occasionally fun enough	1
leaden	0
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick	0
dwindles .	0
the home alone formula	1
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
knockout	1
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	0
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable	1
major acting lessons and	0
ballsy	1
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
snide	0
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
the five writers	1
exceptionally dreary and overwrought	0
a lot of stamina and vitality	1
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	1
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	0
little visible talent and no energy	0
clarity and	1
awe and affection --	1
considerable wit	1
that make it well worth watching	1
dramatic animated feature	1
be a bit repetitive	0
is particularly impressive .	1
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them	1
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	0
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	1
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses	1
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
the story compels	1
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats	1
woody allen has really found his groove these days .	1
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
exhilarating documentary	1
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
is masterful	1
to a better tomorrow	1
pompous and garbled .	0
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
entirely witless and inane	0
embraces life in public	1
grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience	0
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	1
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one	0
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
spot	1
the beauty	1
a deceptively casual ode	1
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
most entertaining	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
it begins to fade from memory	0
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
in its sparkling beauty	1
nearly perfect in their roles	1
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category ,	0
fun part	1
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
less charming than listening to a four-year-old	0
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh	1
strong	1
of great monster/science fiction flicks	1
strong cast and surehanded direction	1
uneasy mix	0
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension	0
cool	1
itself , a playful spirit and	1
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently	1
soft-porn	0
most unpleasant things	0
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	1
admire ...	1
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters	1
the only reason	0
its own ironic implications	0
favorite	1
inconsistent , dishonest	0
flops	0
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment	1
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is	0
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered	0
no particular bite	0
made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	0
nalin	1
will be something to behold	1
is its utter sincerity .	1
is to be cherished .	1
any country	0
as do the girls ' amusing personalities	1
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	0
always entertaining	1
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
it made me feel unclean	0
layered and stylistic	1
tremble without losing his machismo	1
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
is priceless	1
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	0
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation	1
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
juicy writer	1
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .	1
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
're engulfed by it .	1
mishandled here	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact	0
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	0
once playful and haunting ,	1
shenanigans and slapstick	1
as a pink slip	0
an ideal	1
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	1
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
-- sadly --	0
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
way to entertain or inspire its viewers	1
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making	1
, steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
older and wiser eyes ,	1
actually manages to bring something new into the mix	1
a chocolate	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits	0
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment	1
a particularly nightmarish fairytale	0
dragon	1
romance-novel	1
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining	0
gorgeous epic	1
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
with a philosophical visual coming right	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
an unprecedented tragedy	0
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie	0
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it	1
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	1
) soulless	0
feels uncomfortably real	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .	1
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
the movie is a dud .	0
such sensitivity	1
all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight	0
remains the real masterpiece	1
loads of irreparable damage	0
charisma and ability	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	0
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right	1
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character	1
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .	0
nowheresville	0
as a bitter pill	0
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops	0
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	0
a good time with this one too	1
is delicately	1
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line	0
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form	0
love to come from an american director in years	1
the perfectly pitched web	1
whatever fills time --	0
french malapropisms	1
a taut , sobering film	1
half past dead -- or for seagal	0
all credibility flies out the window .	0
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
tradition and warmth	1
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,	1
content and narrative strength	1
yet engrossing piece	1
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	1
thoroughly awful	0
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	0
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil	0
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	0
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin	1
clumsy cliché	0
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough	1
done-to-death material	0
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
if it had just gone that one step further	0
, madonna is one helluva singer .	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material	0
king lear	1
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
some bad singer-turned actors	0
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
're down	0
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film	1
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy	1
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it	1
a complex story	1
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and	1
this waste of time	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast	1
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism	1
a portrait of two strong men in conflict	1
fascinating , dark thriller	1
destruction	0
any dummies guide , something	0
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	0
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely	0
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
astonish and entertain	1
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be	0
's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
pretty unbelievable	0
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland	0
been worth cheering as a breakthrough	1
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	0
having been slimed in the name of high art	0
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	0
the run-of-the-mill singles blender	0
moment	1
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation	1
pleasingly upbeat	1
silly -- and gross --	0
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright	0
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
help but engage an audience	1
is both convincing and radiant	1
the production details are lavish	1
breathtakingly	1
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting	1
a true star	1
terrific	1
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye	1
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
sealed with a kiss	1
one-hour mark	1
aimlessly and unsuccessfully	0
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes	1
` stoked	1
more appropriate	1
international acclaim	1
of the week blown up for the big screen	0
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and	0
a fantastic dual performance	1
liked it	1
the ridiculousness	0
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
dips key moments from the film	0
the weak payoff	0
most savagely hilarious social critics	1
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community	1
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	0
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and	1
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations	0
rock solid family fun out	1
tremendous chemistry	1
dullest science fiction	0
real raw emotion	1
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
even delectable	1
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness	0
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
superb	1
who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
the structure is simple , but	1
most enchanting	1
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience	1
silly fluff	0
the importance of being earnest	1
is its personable , amusing cast .	1
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	1
with spike lee 's masterful	1
more appealing holiday-season product	1
its visual panache	1
is heartfelt and hilarious	1
engaging examination	1
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing	1
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable	1
completely delightful	1
saucy	1
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	0
, it 's a pale imitation .	0
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff	1
being wasabi 's big selling point	1
so poorly	0
just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	0
fairly uneventful	0
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere	0
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
of this laughable dialogue	1
wild	1
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
draws us in	1
invitingly upbeat overture	1
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
not a good movie	0
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
is cinema	1
and immature provocations	0
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology	0
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
best story	1
indie of the year , so far .	1
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	1
and -- sadly -- dull	0
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing	0
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	0
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
praises	1
amazing film work	1
works superbly here	1
as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book	1
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation	1
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
sexy	1
, sweaty-palmed fun	1
spiderman rocks	1
the enticing prospect	1
vibrance	1
into an inhalant blackout	0
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
whimsy	1
a fascinating glimpse	1
incoherence and	0
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit	0
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint	1
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy	1
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper	0
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
over-the-top , and amateurish	0
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
clever adaptation	1
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
too bad	0
appreciated a smartly written motion picture	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	1
be distasteful to children and adults alike	0
stiff and	0
at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché	0
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
at least a minimal appreciation	1
unsurprisingly	0
downright movie penance	0
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball	0
, frida gets the job done .	1
the film seems as deflated as he does	0
stylish film	1
, dumb action movie	0
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action	0
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
builds its multi-character story	1
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism	1
no good answer	0
a mindless action flick	0
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process	1
emphasising her plight and isolation	1
truly	1
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot	0
has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
and dreary piece	0
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	0
not quite	0
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
may not be an important movie , or even a good one	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
extremely unpleasant film	0
' hanging over the film	0
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	0
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile	0
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --	0
rather slow	0
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .	0
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	0
painfully padded .	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and	1
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts	0
spicy	1
tedious	0
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and	1
miscalculates badly	0
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy	1
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
of breathtaking mystery	1
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy	1
really is enormously good fun .	1
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,	1
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe	0
realistic portrayal	1
comedic employment	1
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
even the hastily and amateurishly	0
going at a rapid pace ,	1
what a reckless	0
the soggy performances	0
outstanding feature debut	1
blank yearning	0
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	1
a guilty pleasure	1
gets added disdain for the fact	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions	1
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	1
buoyant , expressive flow	1
falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	0
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
purports	1
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
happily	1
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals	1
the scenic splendor	1
, herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,	0
treat .	1
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
to see over and over again	1
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	1
does display greatness	1
fails to fascinate	0
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments	1
fall together without much surprise	0
a historic scandal	0
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
he has a great cast and a great idea .	1
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...	0
it 's tremendously moving	1
for a movie that tries to be smart	0
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph	1
wedding	1
dragged on	0
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .	1
you 're going to face frightening late fees	0
if that 's not too glorified a term	1
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile	0
humanity 's greatest shame	0
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
there is no sense	0
massive cardiac arrest	0
staring at a blank screen	0
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely	1
wondering why these people mattered	0
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it	0
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
it looks good , sonny ,	1
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	1
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	0
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably	1
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	0
real dawns , comic relief	1
the overall experience is awesome	1
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson	1
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines	0
it was a guilty pleasure	1
something vital	1
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	1
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
absorbing	1
a heroic tale	1
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,	1
with a big heart	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,	1
an intimate feeling	1
, i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
eric	1
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today	1
tardier	0
irritates and saddens	0
spiteful	0
strange and compelling	1
thoroughly formulaic film	0
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film	1
is magnificent	1
neatly constructed thriller	1
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
of loss	0
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates	1
playwriting 101 premise	0
sometimes improbable story	0
the genius	1
sloppy plotting	0
complex	1
the excitement	1
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating	0
tried as a war criminal	0
lame and	0
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
can make people act weird	0
, i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	1
so real	1
a just a waste	0
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force	1
than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates	0
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
laugh-free lecture	0
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense	1
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
so many red herrings ,	0
crippled	0
female friendship ,	1
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension	0
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	0
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	1
trashy , kinky fun	1
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .	1
biased	0
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
a superior moral tone	1
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent	1
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
freshly painted rembrandt	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter ,	1
tortured	0
's actually sort of amazing	1
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching	1
predictably efficient piece	1
argentinian thriller	1
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
too little excitement and	0
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	0
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance --	0
, eloquence , spiritual challenge	1
good actors ,	1
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	1
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
remains prominent	1
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears	1
of the best since the last waltz	1
family movie	1
, the production works more often than it does n't .	1
an autopilot hollywood concoction	0
canny and spiced	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot	1
the first film so special	1
the most impressive player	1
comes to life in the performances .	1
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
, the humor wry and sprightly	1
derring-do	1
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
of oral storytelling frozen onto film	1
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
a thriller	1
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn	0
, repetitive and ragged	0
an audience 's	1
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life	0
talented director	1
self-important summer fluff	0
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling	0
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg	0
diverse	1
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british	0
moody male hustler	0
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style	0
the worst film of the year	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	0
long for the end	0
, it comes to life in the performances .	1
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
infantile	0
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny	1
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits	1
diminishing his stature	0
outstanding thrillers	1
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism	1
exudes	1
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
gentle , touching	1
sporadic dips	1
the acting is fine	1
hindered	0
striking deep chords of sadness	1
as bored	0
destroy is also a creative urge	0
been developed with more care	0
glued	1
's an utterly static picture	0
if the film has a problem	0
what annoyed me most about god is great	0
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically	1
clever in spots	1
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up	0
top-notch action powers	1
of the year 's best	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film	1
the film has a lot of charm .	1
notice the 129-minute running time	0
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension	0
a glorious dose	1
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
i ca n't recommend it .	0
goldie hawn	1
is solid , satisfying fare for adults	1
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	0
gentle , endearing	1
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well	1
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report	0
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
too neat and new pin-like	0
spot-on scottish burr	1
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
skip but film buffs should get to know	0
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
incredibly captivating	1
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	0
pure craft and passionate heart	1
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more	0
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
ambitious	1
filming the teeming life on the reefs	1
the characters are based on stock clichés	0
hokum but	0
is just garbage	0
is top shelf	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes	0
witty ,	1
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
fresh ,	1
what makes the film special	1
provocative drama	1
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material	0
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling	0
by its art and heart	1
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
the best story	1
feels incredibly hokey	0
a tremendous , offbeat sense	1
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
about love and culture	1
the tale with bogus profundities	0
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming	1
to the concession stand and/or restroom	0
would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ...	1
low , very low ,	0
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny	1
do well to cram earplugs	0
original character , siuation or joke	1
emotionally complex	1
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile	1
very funny romantic comedy	1
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
that beneath the familiar , funny surface	1
a cinematic car wreck ,	0
intriguing and	1
a little melodramatic , but with enough	0
parker 's creative interference	1
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	1
definitive , if disingenuous , feature	0
beauty	1
is extraordinary	1
the gorgeous piano and	1
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	1
essentially ruined --	0
good looks	1
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin	0
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
endless trailer	0
fun-seeking	1
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
bold biographical fantasia	1
meal	1
too mainstream	0
of anti-semitism ever seen on screen	0
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors	1
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo	0
anchoring performance	1
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	1
bad movies	0
assured , vital and	1
in all its director 's cut glory	1
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway	1
insufferable	0
loves them to pieces	1
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man	1
death to smoochy is often very funny	1
with awe	1
already littered with celluloid garbage	0
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening	0
an admittedly middling film	1
die hideously	0
's better than its predecessor	1
gifted korean american stand-up	1
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series	1
a fan of the genre	1
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
laudable in themselves	1
to be spectacularly outrageous	1
well-paced and ultimately	1
punches	0
lives down to its title .	0
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure	0
it appears not to have been edited at all	0
pissed off	0
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery	0
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations	0
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us	0
alienating most	0
slack and	0
... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
of pleasure or sensuality	1
the best performance from either in years	1
you 'll like it .	1
pompous references	0
it 's actually watchable	1
the writing is clever	1
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
clunky tv-movie	0
for reverence and a little wit	1
for the kids	1
defies classification	1
queasy-stomached	0
a good deal funnier	1
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
are more involving than this mess .	0
created a beautiful canvas	1
carmichael	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,	1
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects	1
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic	1
insanely hilarious !	1
whole family	1
sabotage	0
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering	0
the finest films	1
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter ,	1
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious	1
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation	0
achingly honest and	1
's touching and tender and	1
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity	0
a lifetime	1
of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind	1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	1
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears	0
`` far from heaven ''	0
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type	0
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;	1
to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny	0
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before	0
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit	1
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .	0
a fake street drama	0
are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	1
will enjoy	1
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	1
a really solid woody allen film	1
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
seems hopelessly juvenile .	0
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
predictable denouement	0
at the end that extravagantly redeems it	1
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition	0
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	1
a good deal	1
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	1
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
an extreme action-packed film	1
, that 's a liability .	0
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency	1
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder	0
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	1
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	0
after the most awful acts are committed	0
love the robust middle of this picture	1
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	0
suffered	0
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film	1
the phrase ` fatal script error	0
providing comic relief	1
it 's uninteresting .	0
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
rude	0
closer than many movies	1
colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material	0
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies	1
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
the positives	1
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
ugly and destructive	0
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man	1
will lead when given the opportunity	1
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
a worthy substitute	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	0
is really , really stupid .	0
compelling story	1
its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
timeless and unique	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
penetrating ,	1
consistently amusing but	1
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth	1
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	1
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
the gratuitous cinematic distractions	0
the folly of superficiality	0
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .	0
i saw this one	1
cherish '	1
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
's a scorcher .	1
as simultaneously funny ,	1
logical	1
tell you how tedious ,	0
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
dismiss -- moody	0
sequences boring	0
the corniest	0
substitute plot for personality	0
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
it takes your breath away	1
deserves a place of honor	1
, dramatically satisfying heroine	1
too good	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	0
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary	0
avid	1
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
be a talky bore	0
the timeless spectacle of people	1
creepy-scary	1
there are laughs aplenty ,	1
likely to find compelling	1
the artistry of making a film	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
is just lazy	0
is a bore	0
sweetheart	1
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) ,	1
a splendid job	1
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
pedro	1
should serve detention	0
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this	0
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea	0
faith in the future	1
the small screen	0
's a heaven for bad movies	0
enthralling	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans	0
fabulously	1
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
very much like life	1
swings and jostles	1
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
from the people laughing in the crowd	1
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .	1
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	0
modest , straight-ahead standards	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and	1
wise and powerful	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story	1
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	0
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
one level	1
the pungent bite of its title	0
uses grant 's own twist of acidity	1
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	0
the effort is gratefully received	1
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism	1
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game	0
more predictable than their consequences	0
on par with the first one	1
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	1
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together	1
overlong infomercial	0
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film	0
fascinating -- and timely -- content	1
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	1
, sprightly spin	1
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
splendor	1
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
the plot ` surprises '	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere	0
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set	0
personal self-discovery	1
's in the action scenes that things fall apart	0
the film works	1
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war	1
blustery movie	0
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	0
many false scares	0
trashy fun	1
the fun of the movie	1
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary	0
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,	0
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film	0
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons	1
, you 'll enjoy this movie .	1
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
kong master john woo	0
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
unconditional	1
an edgy thriller	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be	1
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	1
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
has merit	1
was vile enough	0
grievous but	0
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	1
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good	0
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
sinks further and further into comedy futility	0
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .	0
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
real poignancy	1
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history	1
uneven performances	0
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
is generally amusing from time	1
forget its absurdity .	0
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants	1
its amiable jerking	0
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say	0
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
value whatsoever	0
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood	1
very capable	1
a child 's pain	0
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations	0
a major director is emerging in world cinema	1
in the mood for an intelligent weepy	1
the excitement is missing	0
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor	1
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy	0
sexual relationship	1
provocative	1
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	0
you 'll cheer .	1
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
bull	0
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	0
historically significant , and	1
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term --	0
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
a sour taste in one 's mouth	0
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job	1
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites	0
and completely ridiculous	0
watching a walk to remember	1
are very expressive .	1
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .	0
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
involving than this mess	0
most elusive	1
can not overcome blah characters	0
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
compelling , amusing and unsettling	1
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	1
, for the most part , credible	1
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness	0
addictive guilty pleasure	1
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	0
profits	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --	1
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell	0
any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
occasion	0
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
from its cheesy screenplay	0
a better script	1
sinks further and further into comedy futility .	0
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
falls to the floor with a sickening thud	0
the best script that besson has written in years .	1
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
terrorists are more evil than ever !	0
standard slasher flick	0
feeling embarrassed	0
current americanized adaptation	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
has done the nearly impossible	1
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
the shining , the thing ,	1
inconclusive ending	0
the right choices at every turn	1
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles	1
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
-- and not in a good way	0
here seems to have recharged him .	1
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	1
should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
involved .	1
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
a nice , harmless date film	1
a timeless and unique perspective	1
overwrought ,	0
argentine american beauty reeks	0
successful	1
this film 's impressive performances and	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
most watchable	1
handsomely	1
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists	1
distinctly sub-par ...	0
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world	1
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
hypocritical	0
lighting effects and	1
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets	0
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
enduring strengths	1
a paint-by-numbers picture	0
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable	0
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	1
outside his grasp	0
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean	0
is beginning to feel	1
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	0
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole	0
you 're in luck .	1
prepare to marvel again .	1
amateurish	0
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	1
its love	1
, to say nothing of boring .	0
rusi vulakoro	1
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
lush and beautifully	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way	0
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	1
full	1
substantive movie	1
, verve and fun	1
same old garbage	0
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness	1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
the heat of the moment prevails .	1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	0
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better	0
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	1
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable	0
screenplay to keep the film entertaining	1
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
fairytale	1
woody , what happened ?	0
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	1
remain an unchanged dullard	0
is one of the greatest date movies in years	1
of solid performances	1
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime	1
distinguished film legacy	1
contrived and predictable	0
by superb	1
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences	0
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
was utterly charming .	1
robust	1
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
often touching	1
entirely witless	0
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
too few laughs	0
discoveries	1
orgy	0
melodrama and tiresome love triangles	0
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and	1
makes the experience worthwhile	1
a splendid meal	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity	1
of education	1
deeply humanizing	1
a dream image	1
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .	0
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing	1
no particularly memorable effect	0
, flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
, it irrigates our souls .	1
what ?!?	0
( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,	0
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ...	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin	0
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul	1
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought	1
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
great one	1
manically generous	1
hitler 's	0
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard	0
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
as the scruffy sands of its titular community	0
stylish weaponry	1
also intriguing and honorable ,	1
somber , absurd , and , finally ,	0
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	0
that was n't all that great to begin with	0
religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,	1
on ugly digital video	0
have potential as a cult film	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	1
all the interesting developments	1
, you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
is the best performance from either in years	1
so vividly	1
faster , livelier and	1
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
flashy , overlong soap	0
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
shows moments of promise but	1
humorless ,	0
a heartfelt conviction	1
to bother pleasuring its audience	0
gushing --	1
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
a bargain-basement european pickup	0
wise	1
the well-wrought story	1
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is	0
unsatisfying muddle	0
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral	0
cinematic deception	0
spent elsewhere	0
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably	1
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
, this is the ultimate movie experience	1
a film that is both gripping and compelling	1
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher	1
cheesy fun factor	1
believe that people have lost the ability to think	0
is a total misfire	0
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one	0
in memory	1
the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
our imagination	1
document	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible	0
a dud --	0
even more important	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big	1
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
in its own way	1
claustrophobic	0
dim-witted	0
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema	1
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
a poor fit	0
an extended , open-ended poem	1
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	0
that it 's offensive , but	0
storytellers	1
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings	1
real heart	1
she is merely a charmless witch .	0
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i	0
like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry	0
a terrific screenplay	1
are too cute	1
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	1
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing	0
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish	1
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
you to scratch a hole in your head	0
eloquently	1
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie	1
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless	0
immaculate	1
thoughtful and rewarding	1
chaotic	0
best and most	1
might be with a large dose of painkillers	0
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
hard to resist	1
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,	1
snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
this waste	0
collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
hilarious kenneth branagh	1
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact	1
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	0
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy	1
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
plenty of laughs	1
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture	1
the film is way too full of itself ;	0
, colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and	1
sewage	0
can smell the grease on the plot	0
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	0
decidedly unoriginal	0
winning tone	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?	0
celebrated wonder	1
fantastic	1
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	0
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
is nicely	1
the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material	0
the film is way too full of itself	0
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images	1
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait	1
several cliched movie structures :	0
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle	1
movie version	1
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it	1
distracts	0
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
to sustain a laugh	1
misconceived final	0
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	0
a more balanced or fair portrayal	1
was the best the contest received	1
its excellent storytelling , its economical	1
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department	1
cutesy romantic tale	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters	0
with a game supporting cast	1
sometimes creepy intimacy	1
its sweet time	1
committed performances	1
such a mechanical endeavor (	1
monsoon wedding	1
is no denying the power of polanski 's film	1
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration	0
frustrated	0
cutting impressions	1
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema	1
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
'll like it	1
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
mr. scorsese 's	1
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his	1
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two	1
turns the marquis de sade into a dullard	0
all those famous moments	1
's not very good	0
by this tired retread	0
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning	0
one of the best actors there is	1
cast and surehanded direction	1
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
a positively thrilling combination	1
unflappable	1
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid	0
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	0
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	0
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and	1
crisp clarity	1
sorrowfully	0
never springs to life	0
of the movie 's charm	1
is why film criticism can be considered work	0
i was entranced .	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	1
earthy	1
a landmark in film history	1
at times it 's simply baffling	0
masterfully	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and	0
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,	0
of daring films	1
finds its moviegoing pleasures	1
over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling	1
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
be captivated	1
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
smart and dark	1
criticism	0
a pale successor	0
the problems of fledgling democracies	0
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	0
smart and taut	1
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder	0
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass	0
small , personal film	1
intelligently	1
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
transparently	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
low-budget filmmaking	0
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom	0
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but	0
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants	0
's horribly depressing and not very well done	0
there are many tense scenes in trapped	1
shockingly bad and	0
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	1
worth the look	1
is a far smoother ride .	1
a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture	1
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and	0
one of the great submarine stories	1
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
peculiar and always entertaining	1
dysfunctional drama	0
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it	1
sell it	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	1
moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises	0
is a tired one	0
precious and finely cut diamond	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	0
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations	0
most certainly has a new career ahead of him	1
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
older	0
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains	1
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer	0
seeking an existent anti-virus	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives	1
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
lyne 's stolid remake	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
crafty	1
genteel and unsurprising the execution	1
deeply unsettling	0
, beautifully produced film	1
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience	0
with his picture-perfect life	1
very top	1
too many barney videos	0
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	1
does its predecessors proud	1
, you 're on the edge of your seat	1
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
loopy and	0
an almost sure-fire prescription	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
enjoyed the love story	1
to really care	1
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	1
big summer movies	1
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,	1
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and	0
i have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
bold presentation	1
twitchy acting	0
artsy and	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and	1
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	1
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters	0
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers	1
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning	1
silly and overwrought	0
's certainly laudable	1
of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
long , intricate , star-studded and	1
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings	1
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
upbeat ending	1
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
too crazy	0
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks	1
a pretty funny movie ,	1
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better	0
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
an action hero with table manners	1
just does n't work	0
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	0
wazoo and sets	0
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting	0
wrapping the theater	1
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
sneaks up on the viewer	1
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man	0
at all the wrong times	0
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve	0
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
utterly incompetent conclusion	0
it already has one strike against it .	0
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
convince us of that all on their own	1
i also believe that resident evil is not it .	0
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion	1
arduous journey	0
so often end up on cinema screens	1
, we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
vibrant and	1
, dark beauty	1
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	1
distant	0
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	0
romance	1
feels rigged and sluggish .	0
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time	1
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction	1
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
many flaws	0
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
keenest pleasures	1
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film	0
lifelong concern	1
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
to the otherwise bleak tale	0
kinda wrong	0
they may be as history	0
this woefully hackneyed movie ,	0
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
story to show us why it 's compelling	1
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
good pace	1
the beach	1
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .	1
overly sillified plot	0
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and	1
that you root for throughout	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
's a dull girl , that 's all	0
sports-movie triumph	1
becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
awkward	0
loquacious	1
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered	0
lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
solid filmmaking	1
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché	0
with some laughs and a smile	1
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
is certainly easy to watch	1
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	1
bad animation and mindless violence	0
tian 's meticulous talent	1
not a bad way	1
pretentious mess .	0
a rare window on an artistic collaboration	1
created a monster	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
excuse for a film	0
real emotional impact	1
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte	1
best and most unpredictable comedy	1
director anne fontaine	1
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
of whimsy	1
a bad , bad , bad movie	0
tosca 's intoxicating ardor	1
a fairly revealing study	1
by the incessant use of cell phones	0
the picture in some evocative shades	1
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going	0
humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
an ` action film '	1
is an enjoyable big movie primarily	1
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
with the same number of continuity errors	0
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
too much exploitation and too little	0
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity	0
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
spotty	0
it gets to you .	1
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama	1
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	0
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager	0
of good old-fashioned escapism	1
of saucy	1
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his	1
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
as it should be	1
good ,	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
engaging and exciting	1
well-written	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
succeeded in	1
none-too-funny commentary	0
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
mugs mercilessly	0
of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	1
too literally	0
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth	1
drops the ball	0
raw-nerved story	1
the painstaking	0
, mad love looks better than it feels .	0
hallmark film	1
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	0
the fun of toy story 2	1
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya	1
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
this insufferable movie	0
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films	1
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies	0
simple and precise	1
so many flaws	0
making a vanity project with nothing new	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and	0
during that final , beautiful scene	1
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
both overplayed and exaggerated	0
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
fewer gags to break the tedium	0
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
, wonderful	1
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --	0
perfectly rendered period piece	1
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
if also somewhat hermetic .	1
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music	0
something different	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	0
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm	1
a treat	1
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .	1
while we delight in the images	1
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
familiar and predictable	0
nonjudgmental kind	1
sympathizing with terrorist motivations	0
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	1
complete waste	0
good measure	1
unpredictable character	0
of both thematic content and narrative strength	1
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy	0
utter loss	0
held my interest precisely	1
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
never catches fire	0
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	0
thrill you	1
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
entirely suspenseful	1
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
bloody beauty as vivid	1
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay	0
too many tried-and-true shenanigans	0
far bigger , far more meaningful story	1
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	0
carry on their parents ' anguish	0
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
` red shoe diaries	1
comedy to start a reaction	1
damned funny	1
knows how to tell us about people	1
pubescent	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates	0
most romantic comedies ,	1
do bad things	0
both heartbreaking	0
of elaborate and twisted characters	1
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :	1
is a successful one	1
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	0
considerably less ambitious	0
that was followed by the bad idea	0
a wildly entertaining	1
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman	1
combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
is nicely shot ,	1
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
into hokum	0
in this romantic comedy	1
i do n't see the point	0
see the movie	1
are attached to the concept of loss	0
precious circumstances	1
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
in action	1
that works against itself	0
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor	0
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing	1
happens to be that rarity among sequels	1
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy	0
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --	0
irresistible	1
sensual delights and simmering violence	1
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years	1
why is this so boring ?	0
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 )	0
transfixes the audience .	1
loosely connected	0
and well-made entertainment	1
no way original	0
thoroughly entertaining	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,	0
, taut , piercing and feisty	1
direct hit	1
second helpings	1
triple x marks the spot .	1
an invaluable service	1
heart or conservative	1
photographed and beautifully	1
romantic comedy	1
a powerful sequel and one	1
guilty about it	0
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery	0
a teen movie with a humanistic message	1
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
warm , moving	1
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	0
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels	0
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
it 's not original enough .	0
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and	0
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
, banter-filled comedy	1
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
some delightful work	1
an inferior level	0
lame romantic comedy	0
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing	1
really goes downhill .	0
, self-indulgent and maddening	0
humorous and heartfelt ,	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	0
refreshes the mind and spirit along	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare	1
becomes simply a monster chase film	0
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play	1
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie	0
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	1
that really gives the film its oomph	1
just do n't work in concert .	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ,	0
will enjoy .	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	1
ever-growing category	1
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
if you only had a week to live	0
that the franchise 's best years are long past	0
fairly enjoyable	1
a creaky `` pretty woman ''	0
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans	0
degenerates into hogwash	0
surehanded	1
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
most hollywood romantic comedies	0
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing	1
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film	1
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	0
ugly as the shabby digital photography	0
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand	0
dull and ankle-deep	0
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
to the edge of your seat	1
few nonbelievers	1
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares	0
repulsive and	0
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
a sequel you can refuse	0
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival	1
creeping into the second half	0
, insightful and entertaining	1
i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
most offensive action	0
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food	1
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
manic	0
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
stories drowned by all too clever complexity	0
technical triumph	1
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,	1
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	0
is n't scary	0
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	1
strands his superb performers in the same old story	0
yet i found it weirdly appealing	1
brutal honesty and respect	1
a pleasing , often-funny comedy	1
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and	1
barn-burningly	0
the charismatic jackie chan	1
of an alternative lifestyle	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle ,	0
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine	0
the performances are an absolute joy .	1
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
mush	0
slopped ` em together	0
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend	0
a natural sense for what works	1
funnier version of the old police academy flicks	1
a remarkable piece	1
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
own languorous charm	1
warm , fuzzy feeling	1
mostly believable	1
the highly predictable narrative	0
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	1
hard , cold effect	0
it feels like unrealized potential	0
lovely trifle	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation	1
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted	1
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is	0
describing badness	0
song-and-dance-man	1
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you	1
see this terrific film with your kids --	1
the subtitles fool you	0
corruption	0
, frightening war scenes	0
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
fighting hard for something that really matters	1
once again that he 's the best brush in the business	1
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself	1
to laugh , groan and hiss	1
a straight face	1
is lacking any real emotional impact	0
the memorable character creations	1
engage children	1
fine effort	1
quirky comedy	1
irksome , tiresome nature	0
and for many of us , that 's good enough .	1
chilly , clinical lab report	0
does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	0
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon	1
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow	1
strong erotic	1
superior cast	1
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera	1
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families	0
immaturity	0
ugly and mindless	0
if you liked the previous movies in the series	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
truly larger-than-life	1
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	0
merrily	1
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product	0
exceedingly clever	1
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
efficient ,	1
the widowmaker is a great yarn	1
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly	0
wannabe film --	0
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and	0
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
atop wooden dialogue	0
marquis	1
befallen every other carmen before her	1
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
the payoff is powerful and revelatory	1
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
peevish	0
of high humidity	1
more than capable	1
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor	1
less than fresh	0
is n't scary .	0
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart	1
without ever being self-important	1
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades	1
perfectly pitched	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness	1
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders	0
everything that was right about blade	1
forget its absurdity	0
visual poetry	1
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed	0
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way	1
excellent performances on its side	1
an ounce of honest poetry	1
trapped at a bad rock concert	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	0
another `` best man ''	1
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	0
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship	1
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	0
silly rather than plausible	0
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	1
that most frightening of all movies --	1
only thing missing	1
a delightful stimulus	1
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down	0
there 's nothing else happening	0
an all-time low	0
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
emotional and moral	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but	1
thrillers actually thrilled	1
's a very very strong `` b +	1
by the shadowy lighting	1
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms	0
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt	0
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion	0
observant , unfussily poetic meditation	1
see some interesting storytelling devices	1
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
aliens and	1
matches the page-turning frenzy	1
boring , pretentious	0
visible enthusiasm	1
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	1
one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	0
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	1
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but	0
little less bling-bling	0
of pure misogynist evil	0
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	0
more sheerly beautiful film	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
inept , tedious	0
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .	0
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
able to give full performances	1
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur	1
he is always sympathetic .	1
black hawk down with more heart	1
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies	0
racism and homophobia	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions	1
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be	1
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing	0
money-oriented	0
the film has ( its ) moments , but	1
, generous and subversive artworks	1
the goo	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and	0
who makes martha enormously endearing	1
engage	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
a sappy , preachy one	0
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	1
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	1
material realm	1
total misfire	0
is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	1
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine	0
an enjoyable choice for younger kids	1
is far from disappointing ,	1
oddly humorous	1
like a well-made pb & j sandwich	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...	1
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
the crap	0
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	1
we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
great scares	1
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	0
are missing --	0
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
warm and winning central performance	1
will have a showdown	1
fast-paced and	1
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	0
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,	0
you 've a taste for the quirky	1
no explanation or even plot relevance	0
too fluffy	0
two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie	0
the humor has point	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	0
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
personality	1
, not scarier	0
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown	1
niro performance	1
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
suspense or believable tension	1
would have a good time here	1
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
, just for them	1
decent draft	1
beautiful food entrée	1
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
stands for milder is n't better .	0
every painful nuance ,	0
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
fulfill	1
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes	0
dehumanizing and ego-destroying	0
it 's just not very smart .	0
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
quickie tv special	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy	0
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
no real point	0
holds itself	1
( allen )	1
and rough-hewn vanity project	0
fantasy	1
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon	1
cutting and blurry	0
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
comfort food	1
letdown	0
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
takes such a speedy swan dive	1
it is hard to resist	1
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
encumbers itself with complications	0
here are unintentional .	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,	0
powerful and universal	1
what punk rock music used to be	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	1
is nothing short of a great one .	1
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
of the film 's cheeky charm	1
its rawness and vitality	1
breaks your heart	1
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical	0
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,	0
perfect wildean actor	1
if considerably less ambitious ,	0
the beauty of the piece	1
heavy-handed , manipulative	0
of an underdone potato	0
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation	0
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes	1
too predictable and	0
is its personable , amusing cast	1
that relies on more than special effects	1
is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	0
's most substantial feature for some time .	1
invaluable historical document thanks	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that	0
an even less capable trio of criminals	0
fairly trite narrative	1
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting	1
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
flashy	1
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
flowery	1
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past	1
heart as important as humor	1
meets his future wife	1
feast	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	1
a lot of problems	0
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	1
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
aan opportunity wasted .	0
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
is not a bad film .	1
first major studio production	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	1
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance	0
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
as dumb and cheesy	0
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics	1
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	0
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	0
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
how lame	0
the ridicule factor	0
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance	0
blood	0
one part romance novel ,	1
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	0
a fine job	1
through recklessness and retaliation	0
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
cable channel	0
must have been lost in the translation .	0
into the complexities of the middle east struggle and	1
dismissed as mindless	0
wasted	0
some real vitality and even	1
one moment	1
do n't even like their characters	0
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence	0
a 20-car pileup	0
like reading a research paper	1
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock	1
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt	0
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured	0
foolish and shallow	0
drop your jaw	1
not smart and	0
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's	1
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special	0
speaks more of the season than the picture	0
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a	1
tame	1
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity	1
rediscovers	1
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
is a step down for director gary fleder	0
the real deal	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	1
thoroughly awful movie	0
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
strange and wonderful creatures	1
nicely understated expression	1
subtle , humorous , illuminating study	1
it 's self-defeatingly decorous	0
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus	0
holds up well after two decades	1
child abuse	0
is one only a true believer could relish .	0
one of demme 's good films	1
unholy	0
's that painful .	0
unacceptable	0
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	1
has fun with the quirks of family life	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
loses all bite on the big screen .	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
gorgeous	1
the edge of their seats	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	1
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	0
the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
, and fearlessness	1
midlife crisis	0
self-deprecating comedy	1
secondhand ,	0
the visual panache , the comic touch , and	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here ,	0
most repugnant adaptation	0
started with a great premise	1
just so the documentary will be over	0
despicable	0
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	0
wedgie	0
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message	0
are so stunning	1
satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
stunning film	1
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork	1
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or	0
saw the film	1
family fare .	1
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country	1
is laughingly	0
wishy-washy melodramatic movie	0
potent exploration	1
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours	0
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman	0
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	0
in no small part thanks to lau	1
result in a movie that works against itself	0
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
deep or substantial	1
an exhilarating	1
the film 's mid-to-low budget	0
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .	1
japanese epic	1
vicious and	0
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile	1
that makes it worth checking out at theaters	1
brought off with considerable wit	1
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
no palpable chemistry	0
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	0
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking	1
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	1
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness	0
skillful	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	1
no reason to exist	0
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work	0
funnier gags	1
sets out	1
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve	1
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
is spot	1
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
, sexist	0
adds substantial depth	1
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped	0
appreciates the art and	1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does	0
warm , enveloping affection	1
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	0
badder	0
a satisfying summer blockbuster and	1
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle	1
carried by a strong sense of humanism	1
endless assault	0
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	0
the nerve-raked acting ,	0
with considerable wit	1
despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
seems embarrassed	0
can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
chuckle	1
become very involved	1
an athlete , a movie star ,	1
dislikable study in sociopathy	0
predictable and cloying	0
technically superb	1
this is the most visually unappealing .	0
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing	1
a winning comedy	1
outdoes its spectacle .	1
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,	1
too loud	0
that even tunney ca n't save	0
from disappointing	0
wo n't be disappointed	1
less a movie than )	0
business and pleasure	1
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,	1
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
of the lightweight female empowerment	0
their own mortality	1
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	1
noteworthy	1
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	0
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance	0
the same old silliness	0
screwed-up	0
underwhelming	0
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon	1
yet this grating showcase	0
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice	1
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film	0
a tedious picture	0
cultural and personal self-discovery and	1
qualities	1
lame kiddie flick	0
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
terribly episodic and	0
hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
overinflated mythology	0
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	0
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
emphasizing	1
richer and more observant	1
powerful and moving	1
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings	1
a powerful 1957 drama	1
visually stunning rumination	1
book report	0
joy and pride	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film	0
one relentlessly depressing situation	0
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	1
distinguishes	1
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
spectacular performance - ahem	1
's because relatively nothing happens .	0
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free	1
clichés	0
an interesting storyline	1
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience	0
loses its sense of humor	0
'd need a shower	0
wal-mart checkout line	0
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	0
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
was n't enough	0
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	0
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating ,	1
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
we were soldiers	1
satisfying evening	1
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and	1
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them	0
a pleasing verisimilitude	1
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
, triumphant ,	1
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
fairly solid	1
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
a charming but slight comedy .	1
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film	1
every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	0
, you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy	0
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's	1
is a mess from start to finish .	0
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting	0
bittersweet contemporary comedy	1
with table manners	1
extraordinarily good	1
wonderful thing	1
visually compelling one	1
, wide-smiling reception	1
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion	0
, it may just scare the pants off you .	1
gorgeous pair	1
among the many pleasures	1
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election	1
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
has performed a difficult task indeed	1
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses	0
with an enormous amount of affection	1
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	0
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	1
has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	1
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant	0
inspiration	1
disgracefully written dialogue	0
grotesque	0
used soap	0
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right	1
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
its own existence	1
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid	0
, paralyzed	0
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
well enough	1
compromising that complexity	0
the qualities	1
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology	1
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
build a feel-good fantasy	1
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	0
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing	1
underdog movie since the bad news bears	1
quickly forgettable	0
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	1
lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	1
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels	0
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
entirely successful	1
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama	0
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	1
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter	1
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
a nicely	1
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy ,	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	1
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
an absurdist spider web .	0
you 're not merely watching history	1
deserve a passing grade	1
the smartest	1
a happy ending	1
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
without any passion	0
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
succeeds .	1
a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
a true cinematic knack	1
brilliance	1
genuine heart	1
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
in its own direction	1
above superficiality	1
rises to its clever what-if concept .	1
high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it	0
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank	0
clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined	0
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
new benchmark	1
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
effective film	1
at least one damn fine horror movie	1
consistently sensitive and	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers	0
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull	0
for its rather slow beginning	0
unique and entertaining	1
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter	0
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
about a family 's joyous life	1
dull effects	0
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior	0
want my money back	0
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
is a masterfully conducted work .	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre	1
winning comedy	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ,	1
a moratorium , effective immediately ,	0
imaginative	1
is firing his r&d people	0
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	0
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	1
just how much more grueling and time-consuming	0
fairly trite	0
a decent tv outing	1
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
sheer unbridled delight	1
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal	1
it would be easy for critics to shred it	0
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so	0
expertly plucking tension from quiet	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles	1
to ultimately disappoint the action	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	0
feel better already .	1
run for your lives	0
smeary and	0
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita ''	0
cute alien creature	1
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking	0
the movie stirs us as well .	1
irritates	0
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and	1
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
represents an engaging and intimate first feature	1
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	0
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	1
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity	1
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining	0
touched	1
the opposite of a truly magical movie	0
refreshingly forthright	1
likely to see all year	1
painful as the grey zone	0
the fat	1
screeching-metal	0
crack a smile at	1
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed	0
, derrida is all but useless	0
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
the courage of its convictions	1
- hour , dissipated length .	0
eerily suspenseful	1
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself	1
even if it made its original release date last fall	0
it wore me down	0
aimless , arduous ,	0
it ca n't help but engage an audience	1
is almost an afterthought	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire	1
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers	1
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .	1
american action-adventure buffs	1
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar	0
rambles	0
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
dominant	1
satire lucky break	1
intimidated by both her subject matter and	0
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
underlines even the dullest tangents	0
ambivalence	0
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
ungainly	0
escape	1
who ca n't quite live up to it	0
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	0
exceedingly rare films	1
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	1
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
to lowly studio hack	0
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	0
the execution is pretty weary	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
is never satisfactory .	0
that crawls along at a snail 's pace	0
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and	0
master craftsmen	1
excellent performances	1
hip hop fantasy	1
seen as hip ,	1
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	0
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen	0
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	0
is a tale worth catching .	1
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
the road	1
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
together with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks	1
concentrates far too much	0
it makes your teeth hurt	0
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is	1
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	1
captivating coming-of-age story	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions	1
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle	0
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and	1
the kind of obnoxious	0
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
is as conventional as can be	0
rather brilliant	1
this u-boat does n't have a captain .	0
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear	1
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
brash and mainly unfunny	0
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances	0
that seem so real in small doses	1
convey a sense of childhood imagination	1
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	1
there are lulls	0
snow white	1
be funny , uplifting and moving ,	1
rotting underbelly	0
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	1
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
efficiency and an affection for the period	1
a spark of new inspiration in it	1
sleepless	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage	0
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ,	0
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	0
glossy melodrama	0
disagree	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	1
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
, inspiring	1
high-wattage	1
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
to his son 's home	1
captivating and intimate study	1
better than sorcerer 's stone	1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
postcard perfect ,	1
ravishing waif	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm	1
terrific special effects and funnier gags	1
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	0
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	0
developed	1
striking new significance	1
for industrial-model meat freezers	0
frozen tundra soap opera	0
would n't want to live waydowntown	0
i liked it just enough .	1
quite one of the worst movies of the year	0
bravery	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as	1
to play one lewd scene after another	0
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
is simply brilliant .	1
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --	0
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat	1
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal	1
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy	0
transcends ethnic lines	1
pseudo-philosophic twaddle	0
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal	0
vivid as the 19th-century ones	1
the idiocy	0
exceptionally charming	1
own tortured psyche	1
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
believability	1
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes	0
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but	0
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one	0
eventual cult classic	1
tender movements	1
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	0
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	1
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	1
dry humor and jarring shocks	1
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one	1
part of the fun	1
self-absorbed	0
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough	1
a step further , richer and	1
, tender hug	1
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation	0
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it	1
sloughs one 's way	0
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
each watered down the version of the one before	0
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy	1
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb	1
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
laugh-out-loud	1
than their funny accents	1
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making	0
seen in years	1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
an ease in front of the camera	1
a group of talented friends	1
disappoint	0
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf	0
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film	0
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at	0
while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices	1
of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
, what a thrill ride	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw	0
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
mighty	1
infantile , redundant , sloppy	0
the line between sappy and sanguine	1
great minds	1
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good	1
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
all the best possible ways	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	0
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )	0
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )	1
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie	1
as a seven rip-off	0
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand	1
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	1
bad action movie	0
we had to endure last summer ,	0
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
a grenade with his teeth	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
absurd plot twists ,	0
a groundbreaking endeavor	1
's a pale imitation .	0
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
hit that may strain adult credibility .	0
in getting under the skin of her characters	1
melodramatic mountain	1
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting	0
you wo n't be able to look away for a second	1
marvelous series	1
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
as a call for pity and sympathy	0
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,	0
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	1
more than people	1
is one baaaaaaaaad movie	0
recommend snow dogs	1
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	0
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and	1
the pungent bite	0
becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary	0
does n't make sense	0
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults	1
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness	0
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .	1
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages	1
takes big bloody chomps	0
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	0
truly , truly bad movie	0
absolute delight	1
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
good actors , good poetry	1
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues	1
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance	0
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature	1
love affair	1
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
nothing about this movie	0
drooling idiots	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work ,	1
brought down	0
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
often lethally dull	0
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
frustration from those	0
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
object lesson	1
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves	0
interesting look	1
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
the good-time shenanigans	1
a weak script	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
off the path of good sense	0
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	0
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
larded	0
impersonal	0
the love	1
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	0
labute masterfully	1
's far from fresh-squeezed	0
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations	0
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick	0
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	0
an intelligent screenplay	1
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them	1
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels	0
everything too safe	0
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland	0
a riot	1
patriotic	1
down memory lane	1
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
badly-rendered	0
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
manage to keep things interesting	1
talky	1
fine music	1
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	0
is genuinely witty	1
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw	1
raises some worthwhile themes	1
as pedestrian as they come .	0
an ambitious movie	1
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
descends into such message-mongering moralism	0
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	0
the rotting underbelly of middle america	0
career	1
most remarkable	1
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
pinochet	0
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
pixar 's	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )	1
of a mishmash	0
an intriguing story of maternal instincts	1
a sense of action	1
a historically significant , and personal , episode	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad	1
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
ghandi	1
real winner	1
little visible talent	0
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale	1
trailer-trash style	0
tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
flinging their feces	0
are very , very good reasons for certain movies	1
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time	0
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree	1
one resurrection too many .	0
's funny ,	1
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
some of the computer animation is handsome ,	1
for nice evening out	1
uncreative	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but	0
miraculous as its dreamworks makers	1
overwhelming	0
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
funny performers	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss	1
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
stunningly unoriginal	0
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
simply and eloquently	1
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision	1
tootsie	1
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller	1
anti-semitism and neo-fascism	0
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
low-grade	0
satisfyingly scarifying ,	1
slow pacing	0
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment	1
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens	0
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
another generic drama	0
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	1
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
wanders	0
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction	0
extremely languorous rhythms	0
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy	1
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep	0
to like any of these despicable characters	0
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 )	0
the origins	1
more contemporary	1
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	1
humor	1
will be lulled into a coma .	0
open-hearted film	1
suitably anonymous chiller	1
of extremely talented musicians	1
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
the self-image of drooling idiots	0
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema	1
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
snappy	1
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	1
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply	1
period trappings	0
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
is clever and funny ,	1
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride	1
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
allow the suit to come to life	1
has nothing	0
one of the very best movies	1
striking character traits	1
that woman 's doubts	0
a pathetically	0
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	1
body humor and reinforcement	1
a better celebration	1
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film	1
ingeniously	1
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	1
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	1
by the full monty	1
of one of the best films	1
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity	1
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	1
into a dreary , humorless soap opera	0
more enjoyable than i expected	1
stimulating and	1
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office	0
against a tree	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	1
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
ill-fitting	0
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
an underachiever ,	0
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be	0
forget	0
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	1
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in	1
as a dentist 's waiting room	0
are an absolute joy .	1
strong themes of familial ties and	1
is clearly extraordinarily talented	1
feel good about themselves	1
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography	1
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
predictable storyline	0
denzel washington 's fine performance	1
american and	0
because it made him feel powerful	1
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
ineffective	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational	1
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
's really wrong with this ricture	0
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls	0
i say , entertaining	1
is such a perfect medium for children ,	1
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	1
fiercely clever and subtle	1
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned	0
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	1
is simple but absorbing .	1
indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	0
getting into too many pointless situations	0
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema	1
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover	1
as one of the great films about movie love	1
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
just does n't add up .	0
a bland animated sequel	0
forget	0
as the old saying goes , because it 's true	1
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
edgy thriller	1
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
impressive results	1
be with a large dose of painkillers	0
silly horror movies	0
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
loses its overall sense of mystery	0
xerox of other , better crime movies	1
a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	1
exceedingly memorable one for most people	1
an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments	1
a downer and	0
born to make	1
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	0
tv cop show cliches	0
tired jokes	0
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	0
the psychology too textbook to intrigue	0
ca n't wait to see end .	1
class bores	0
is sure to win viewers ' hearts	1
surprise family	1
disquietingly	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements ,	1
sun-splashed whites	1
is less successful on other levels	0
itself all too seriously	0
clichés and a dim	0
atrociously	0
buried , drowned and	0
intricately structured and well-realized drama	1
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	1
keep upping the ante on each other ,	1
is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic	1
frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story	0
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare	1
milquetoast	0
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects	1
have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction	0
far more impact	1
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days	0
shekhar kapur	1
discloses almost nothing	0
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	1
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
if it 's not entirely memorable	0
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
came up with a treasure chest of material	1
evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
with soul	1
the power of poetry and passion	1
an ambitious ` what if ? '	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god	1
exceptionally	1
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces	0
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
exists ,	1
religion that dares to question an ancient faith	1
boilerplate clichés	0
to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
it magic	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;	1
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
sets this romantic comedy apart	1
share their enthusiasm	1
crass and insulting homage	0
ironically killer soundtrack	1
barn-burningly bad movie	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes	1
the same mistake	0
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production	0
amused	1
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops	0
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
consummate actor	1
heroic deserves a look	1
overdoing it	0
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
a deficit of flim-flam	0
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
the subject matter is as adult as you can get	1
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
's definitely worth	1
required to give this comic slugfest some heart	0
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
do n't	0
some unnecessary parts	0
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
a big-budget/all-star movie	1
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman	1
ultimate movie experience	1
is fully formed and remarkably assured	1
be viewed as pure composition and form --	1
's never dull	1
eviction	1
that the movie has no idea of it is serious	0
sensuous and spirited tale	1
you will likely enjoy this monster	1
is so engagingly	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and	0
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	1
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd	0
astonishingly	1
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
lighter	1
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score	1
overladen	0
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	0
makes up for in heart .	1
is a masterpiece	1
sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
is so bad	0
the artificial structure	0
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller	1
is familiar but enjoyable .	1
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility	0
wannabe comedy	0
the most enchanting film	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works	1
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
of black indomitability	0
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art	1
help sustain it	1
his life drew to a close	0
search of purpose or even a plot	0
decorous	1
good thriller .	1
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly	0
stop buying tickets	0
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
nice , harmless	1
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .	0
rotten in the state of california	0
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
standard	0
above-average brains	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece	1
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake	1
enter	1
would seem to be surefire casting	1
a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
completely awful iranian drama ...	0
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust ,	0
limited chemistry	0
vibrantly colored and	1
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s )	0
immensely entertaining	1
are both excellent	1
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
with the american dream	1
episodic choppiness ,	0
companionable	1
screwed-up characters	0
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .	1
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile	0
blind , crippled , amish people	0
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
charmer	1
is rather pretentious	0
and cinemantic flair	1
its uncanny tale	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen	1
, wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
is extremely thorough	1
counter the crudity	0
cute moments	1
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system	1
is a fascinating film	1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act	0
inspirational prep-school professors	1
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
new best friend ''	1
retread ,	0
idiotic	0
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	1
make up for an unfocused screenplay	0
a bad movie that happened to good actors .	0
predictable plotting	0
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
its seriousness and quality	1
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them	0
sensational true-crime	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but	0
slummer	0
nary an original idea	0
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness	0
amazingly	1
's a bad action movie	0
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	1
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
only open new wounds	0
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	0
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion	1
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	1
blaxploitation spoof	0
an undeniably moving film to experience	1
carries you	1
we have come to love	1
, discontent , and yearning	0
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	1
sparse	0
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait	1
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,	0
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun	1
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant	1
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable	1
undeniably gorgeous , terminally	1
reveals how bad an actress she is	0
odds with the rest of the film	0
solid sci-fi thriller	1
is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
feels shrill , simple and soapy .	0
has compelling new material	1
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers	0
seem heroic deserves a look	1
mind-bender .	1
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
shot on ugly digital video .	0
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller	1
the allegory with remarkable skill	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,	0
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
plain bad	0
brutal and funny	1
a certain charm	1
a mostly magnificent directorial career	1
see nothing in it	0
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme	1
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	1
a big heart	1
numbness .	0
natter	0
surprisingly brilliant	1
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique	1
of his sweetness and vulnerability	1
a spark of new inspiration in it ,	1
hilarity	1
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
of the more influential works	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but	0
angelina jolie 's surprising flair	1
davis	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )	0
a wish your heart makes	1
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .	0
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you	1
good fun	1
cuter	1
teen-speak and animal gibberish	0
real situations and characters	1
yelling in your face for two hours	0
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine	1
tiresome cliché	0
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
david letterman and the onion	1
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present	0
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
be dismissed as mindless	0
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated	1
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	0
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
well done and perfectly	1
his best screen	1
colorful look	1
infatuated	1
an energetic and engaging film	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing	0
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .	0
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .	1
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp	0
get excited about on this dvd	1
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
especially well-executed	1
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
the martial arts master to top form	1
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one .	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
well-made evocation	1
exquisitely	1
epic treatment	1
a fifty car pileup of cliches	0
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release	1
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better	1
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
cinematic appeal	1
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut	1
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	1
gripping and compelling	1
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound	1
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes	0
you do n't understand what on earth is going on	0
a compelling story	1
are clinically depressed	0
is amiss in the world .	0
more charming than in about a boy	1
he feels like a spectator and not a participant	0
into how long is this movie ?	0
regret , love , duty and friendship	1
refused	1
a new scene	1
constantly touching ,	1
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album	0
who is chasing who	1
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
gutsy and	1
kidman has become one of our best actors	1
more experimental in its storytelling	1
sloppy slapstick	0
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses	0
rather listless amble	0
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
creepy and dead-on	1
sundance festival	1
an athlete	1
does n't add up	0
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	1
too amateurish and	0
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers	1
it does n't disappoint .	1
usual tear	1
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	0
failure	0
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
sustain laughs	1
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
enchantment	1
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie	0
's propelled by the acting	1
priceless	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can	1
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times	0
works as well as it does because of the performances	1
, then by all means check it out .	1
dramatic enough to sustain interest	1
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed	0
intense and effective film	1
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout	0
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor	1
the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons	0
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )	0
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	1
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
equally derisive	0
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk	1
to infamy	0
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards	1
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down	0
an intelligently made	1
is so insanely dysfunctional	0
, kinky fun	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented	1
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new	0
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition	1
mall movie	0
playful iranian parable	1
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes	1
without any of the pretension associated with the term	1
disappointed by a movie in a long time	0
thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
you wo n't care	0
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something	0
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind	1
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
meeting , even exceeding expectations	1
fascinating film	1
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but	1
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
maturity	1
a remake by the numbers	0
engaging simplicity	1
a neat premise	1
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	1
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works	1
competence	1
ensemble cast	1
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and	0
beginnings	1
exit	0
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people	1
depress you	0
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	1
exploiting molestation for laughs	0
as sappy as big daddy	0
directed , barely	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	0
his most ardent fans	1
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking	0
of last summer 's bloated effects	0
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary	1
no laughs	0
stabs	0
good line	1
lethargically	0
's too loud	0
a well-put-together piece of urban satire	1
is of the darkest variety	0
timely than its director could ever have dreamed	1
genre a bad name	0
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson	1
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence	1
at meaningful cinema	1
entertaining ride	1
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling	0
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	1
dying fall	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	0
a strong and unforced supporting cast	1
98	1
bargain-basement european pickup	0
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style	1
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	0
with square conviction	1
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
under his control	1
an important , original talent in international cinema	1
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and	0
swallow its absurdities and crudities	0
what results is the best performance from either in years .	1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	1
cold porridge	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower	1
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem	1
the cinematic canon	1
detail	1
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
skillfully	1
a weird , arresting little ride	0
of a war zone	0
a ton of laughs	1
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	0
splendid performances	1
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	1
a positive impression	1
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary	1
tackling what seems like done-to-death material	0
worth the journey	1
love this movie	1
strikes a potent chemistry with molina	1
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational	1
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
festival	1
a fleeting grasp	0
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
can tolerate leon barlow	0
choppiness	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing	0
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
like a 10-course banquet	1
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
pointed personalities , courage ,	1
hackneyed and	0
interesting story	1
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor	0
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
delete key	0
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough	0
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man	1
like real people	1
the slapstick is labored ,	0
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge	0
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films	0
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving	1
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama	1
distracted	0
pathetic idea	0
sophisticated in the worst way	0
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition	0
real contenders	1
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
delivers	1
appetizing	1
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	0
small delights	1
has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
his film crackles	1
could ever have hoped to be	1
seems suited neither to kids or adults	0
bludgeoning	0
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing	0
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor	0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film	0
to losing my lunch	0
, unfunny one	0
wins still	1
can depress you about life itself .	0
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,	1
offers an intriguing what-if premise	1
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey	1
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
continuity errors	0
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	0
wise enough	1
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	0
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
you there is no sense	0
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and	0
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics	0
impish	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness	0
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too	0
did n't smile .	0
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or	1
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
obvious copy	0
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
, the movie is a disaster .	0
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !	0
does pack some serious suspense .	1
a listless climb down the social ladder	0
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope	0
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	0
most accomplished work	1
consuming self-absorption	0
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	0
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
brutal 90-minute battle sequence	0
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection	1
my greatest pictures ,	1
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	0
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love	1
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich	1
i loved on first sight and , even more important	1
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains	1
may seem disappointing in its generalities	0
bad and	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
that most frightening of all movies	1
find it diverting	0
cute frissons	1
a documentary and more propaganda	0
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
the very hollowness of the character he plays	0
the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	1
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense ,	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation	0
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type	1
the effort is sincere	1
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
universal appeal	1
a heck of a ride	1
obvious .	0
eloquence , spiritual challenge	1
a bad run	0
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	1
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
one of the smartest	1
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	1
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
to feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
visual treat	1
good than great	1
too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category	0
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history	1
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas	0
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
providing no real sense of suspense	0
as beautifully shaped and	1
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances	1
every faltering half-step of its development	0
appeals to you	1
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes	1
sucking	0
swooning elegance	1
listless and	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and	0
smashing success	1
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )	0
weak claims	0
will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
adam watstein with finishing it at all	1
a stultifyingly obvious one	0
a naturally funny film , home movie	1
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries	1
rooted	1
visual clarity and deeply	1
more confused	0
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title	0
through contrived plot points	0
rich promise	1
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen	1
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally	1
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	0
most purely enjoyable and	1
uncharismatically	0
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic	1
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue	0
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	0
mumbles his way through the movie .	0
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of	0
a lame kiddie flick	0
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	0
rough	0
a bit anachronistic	0
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,	0
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	1
adventure story and history lesson	1
all its problems	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves	1
has little insight	0
`` shock humor ''	0
outrageous or funny	1
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded	1
sappiness	0
cliches and pat storytelling	0
does n't disappoint	1
a halfway intriguing plot	1
indulgence	0
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters	1
the best war movies ever made	1
hollywood excess	0
a breakthrough	1
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity	0
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
by labored writing and slack direction	0
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition	1
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own	0
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
live-wire	1
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	1
unimpeachable clarity	1
of mindless pace in collision	0
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	0
thematically and stylistically	1
fascinating documentary	1
their cheap , b movie way	0
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	0
fluffy and disposible .	0
vision is beginning to feel	1
valentine	1
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
even while his characters are acting horribly	0
what 's most memorable about circuit	1
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause	1
to watch too many barney videos	1
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals	1
underrehearsed	0
reasonably good time	1
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace	0
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,	0
fuzziness	0
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	1
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood	1
creepy turn	0
most poorly staged and	0
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
the chaos of an urban conflagration	0
that are as valid today	1
championship	1
most wondrous love story	1
this tale has been told and retold ;	0
both inspiring and pure joy	1
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted	0
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
sickeningly savage	0
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
universal human impulse	1
's never too late to learn	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece	1
fights the good fight in vietnam	1
a one liner as well as anybody	1
hideousness	0
see a romance this smart	1
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
rousing	1
far more meaningful	1
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
dud from frame one .	0
seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
love liza	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	0
potent	1
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is	1
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it	1
into a lyrical and celebratory vision	1
skimpy	0
be a great piece of filmmaking	1
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams	0
lasting traces of charlotte 's web	1
wittier	1
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love	1
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	0
excellent music	1
's the worst movie of 2002	0
watch the film twice	1
limited	0
is both inspiring and pure joy	1
most battered women	0
the misleading title	0
` a ' list cast	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,	0
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
will make you laugh	1
zoom !	1
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
a good deal funnier than his original	1
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure	0
that even freeman ca n't save it	0
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia	1
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago	1
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama	0
nobody in the viewing audience cares	0
had all its vital essence scooped out	0
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding	1
incoherence	0
is rigid and evasive in ways	0
a live-wire film that	1
truly edgy --	1
a disappointingly thin slice	0
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium	1
of this tacky nonsense	0
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for	1
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie	0
, poorly structured	0
is a triumph of imagination	1
would be easy for critics to shred it	0
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones	1
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances	1
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks	1
interesting storytelling devices	1
generic villains	0
soars above the material realm	1
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report	0
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
the top and movies	1
what 's best about drumline is its energy	1
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
an after school special	1
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty	1
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	0
piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
they 're struggling to create .	0
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and	1
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
to a few rather than dozens	0
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
of love and destiny	1
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	1
insults	0
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react	1
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
from being a total rehash	0
to just die already	0
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential	1
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded	0
self-flagellation	0
wonderfully edited	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences	1
personal tragedy and also the human comedy	1
is a pretty decent little documentary	1
a fresh infusion	1
have failed	0
the trailer is a riot .	1
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture	1
inspired dialogue bits	1
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart	1
don	1
that the film is never dull	1
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	0
dicaprio 's best performance	1
barely register	0
this fascinating -- and timely -- content	1
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work	1
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking	1
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
faced	1
ultimately vapid	0
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby	1
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters	1
nearly terminal	0
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore	0
running off	0
something to be taken seriously	1
feels universal	1
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
has its rewards .	1
that few movies have ever approached	1
cult classic	1
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken	1
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film	1
just as much intelligence	1
that never quite gel	0
aspires	1
courageous scottish lady	1
cascade over the screen effortlessly	1
intrigue and human-scale characters	1
by a master	1
its body humor and reinforcement	1
powerful acting clinic	1
an extraordinary poignancy	1
rich and full	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
miss you .	1
funny and , in the end ,	1
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness	1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions	1
more watchable	1
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	1
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
all the complexity and	1
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay	1
you 're not a fan	0
the film has ( its ) moments	1
really quite funny	1
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides	0
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
of charm	1
jump-in-your-seat moment	1
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time	1
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
it 's one long bore .	0
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances	1
, humorous , illuminating study	1
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
its sparkling beauty	1
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy	0
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	1
milder is n't better	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack	1
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies	1
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
to the enduring strengths of women	1
excited	1
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	1
hard-hitting documentary .	1
embarrassed to be part of	0
that proves you	1
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
so aggressively cheery	0
predictable and	0
the best little `` horror '' movie	1
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute	1
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end	1
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble	1
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
a sweet , tender sermon	1
retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
veteran	1
dramatize life 's messiness	0
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit	1
racism and	0
on its way	1
most beautiful , evocative works	1
to the outstanding soundtrack	1
's a sad , sick sight	0
must indeed	1
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture	0
the unconditional love she seeks	1
the parents	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )	0
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time	0
such life-embracing spirit	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...	0
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel	0
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	1
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd	0
to `` interesting ''	1
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod	1
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
as monstrous	0
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug	1
the artwork is spectacular	1
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and	0
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm	1
boisterous energy	1
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes	0
being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	0
road movie , coming-of-age story and	1
get inside you	1
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	1
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest	1
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
bring new energy	1
personal low	0
is the far superior film .	1
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers	0
preposterousness	0
stale ,	0
rare imax movie	1
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth	1
killing time	0
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
is so charmless and vacant	0
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family	1
whimper	0
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them	1
characteristically startling visual style	1
a larger-than-life figure	1
static	0
romantic comedy genre	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point	1
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing	0
winning , heartwarming yarn	1
of demme 's good films	1
, absurd collection	0
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
too much exploitation and too little art	0
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car	0
makes it all the more compelling .	1
carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three	1
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	1
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs '	1
some kid who ca n't act , only	0
to look at , listen to , and think about	1
miss	0
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and	0
that did not figure out a coherent game	0
refreshingly clear	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
childlike dimness	0
gawky	0
without passion or politics	0
that breaks your heart	0
bad enough	0
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
, his most personal work yet .	1
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society	1
movie fun	1
the universal theme	1
they are in this tepid genre offering	0
visually flashy but narratively opaque and	0
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
fairly involving as far as it goes	1
indie of the year ,	1
wow ' factor	1
just plain bad .	0
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	1
slapdash disaster .	0
been cobbled together onscreen	0
the unmistakable stamp of authority	1
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
distinguished actor	1
liked this film a lot	1
crafty and intelligent	1
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather	0
offers a persuasive	1
be half as entertaining as it is	1
this painfully unfunny farce	0
mesmerizing	1
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters	0
companionship	1
the film never feels draggy	1
, washington has a sure hand .	1
hypocritical work	0
overlong soap	0
sodden	0
emotional gravity	1
cinema fans	1
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100	0
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	0
higher	1
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .	0
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	1
creatively	1
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been	0
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way	1
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one	0
stays with you long after you have left the theater	1
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie	0
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine	0
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	0
traditionally structured	1
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh	1
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract	0
cruel , misanthropic stuff	0
serve the work especially well	1
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise	0
a movie this bad	0
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump	0
bland	0
a silly comedy	0
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
cheap scam	0
into corny sentimentality	0
you to give it a millisecond of thought	1
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline	0
eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch	1
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and	1
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
giant spider invasion comic chiller	1
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	0
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap	0
abysmally pathetic	0
smart , not cloying	1
this beautifully animated epic	1
hitting your head	0
as a fairly weak retooling	0
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	1
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
while the performances are often engaging	1
long , intricate , star-studded	1
andrei	1
endear	1
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up	0
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering	1
but here 's a movie about it anyway .	0
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world	0
're at the right film	1
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible	1
backwater	1
bloody beauty	1
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
slaloming through its hackneyed elements	0
manages to incorporate both the horror	1
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
an easy film	1
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film	0
sour little movie	0
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
younger generations	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .	1
dog	1
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
despair and	0
asset	1
ignored it	0
`` besotted '' is misbegotten	0
spontaneous	1
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --	1
embellishment	1
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .	0
nothing about this movie works .	0
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
'll still be glued to the screen .	1
surprisingly shoddy	0
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
get weird ,	1
that good	1
an amateurish screenplay	0
with a fresh point of view	1
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going	0
sharp and	1
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel	0
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
wince in embarrassment and others ,	0
wow .	1
smile	1
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece	0
offering next to little insight	0
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	0
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	0
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style	1
other than the very sluggish pace )	0
cinematography and exhilarating	1
cheapen the overall effect	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching	1
wickedly sick and twisted humor	1
has already reached its expiration date	0
big bloody stew	0
in form	1
for humor in so many teenage comedies	1
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	0
very sluggish	0
already knows it 's won	1
, ponderous and charmless	0
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago	1
called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
it feels more forced than usual .	0
star performances	1
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system	1
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third	0
the triumph	1
none can equal	1
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
sweet , tender sermon	1
thoughtlessly assembled	0
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film	1
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative	0
be as entertaining	1
crushing disappointment	0
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	0
so larger than life and	1
flimsy ending	0
less-compelling	0
see this turd squashed	0
pretty funny	1
to savor binoche 's skill	1
in one forum or another	1
exceptional performances	1
an unholy mess ,	0
legal battle	0
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty	1
would subtlety be lost on the target audience	0
is funny , insightfully human and	1
jolt you out	1
inert sci-fi action thriller	0
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
surprisingly faithful	1
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	1
directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
i love the robust middle of this picture .	1
the kind of energy it 's documenting	1
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell	0
, is painterly .	0
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully	1
more entertaining	1
than an autopsy , the movie	0
slightly flawed	0
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
, i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
their idol 's energy and passion	1
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
i saw it as a young boy	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels	1
is a vulgar	0
genuinely funny ensemble	1
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
is barely	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure	1
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really )	0
is long on	1
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves	1
all the small moments and flashbacks	1
, the humor dwindles .	0
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact	1
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	0
ferrara 's	1
loosely tied series	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger	1
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
charming than in about a boy	1
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
spiritually	1
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad	0
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact	0
true cinematic knack	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
horrid	0
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny	0
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge	1
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	0
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining	1
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	0
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
been kind enough to share it	1
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
watching it leaves you giddy	1
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship	0
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people	1
considerable power	1
it actually improves upon the original hit movie	1
the battle bots	1
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome	0
, undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	1
to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
low-brow humor	0
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
is often way off	0
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	0
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending	1
take you to outer space	1
at the helm	1
creeping in others	0
craziness	0
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	1
one of this year 's very best pictures	1
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk	0
wickedly funny	1
and that makes all the difference .	1
a predictable , manipulative stinker	0
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos	0
be themselves	0
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and	1
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	0
brain strain	0
the delicious pulpiness	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium	0
is a film for the under-7 crowd	0
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen	0
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
a quaint	1
the final product is a ghost	1
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	0
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
exciting plot	1
superficial treatment	0
truly edgy	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and	1
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk	1
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay	0
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	0
shallow styles	0
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i	1
's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage	1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies	0
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent	1
dearly	1
that 's both charming and well acted	1
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy	0
smart jokes	1
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
too clever	1
freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
much to do , too little time to do it in	0
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art	1
very tasteful	1
burning , blasting , stabbing	0
make an excellent companion piece	1
an oddly fascinating depiction	1
dismal	0
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	1
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap	0
few movies have ever approached	1
future years as an eloquent memorial	1
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	0
vibrantly colored	1
the believability of the entire scenario	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
on top of a foundering performance	0
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game	0
super heroes	1
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence	1
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	1
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact	0
confront it	1
never clearly defines his characters or	0
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
` swept away ' sinks .	0
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
cold , sterile and lacking	0
the courage of its convictions and	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	0
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
return ticket	0
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	1
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	1
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	1
( other than the very sluggish pace )	0
unwieldy contraption .	0
restage the whole thing	0
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
projector 's	1
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way	0
the comedy equivalent	1
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick	0
cult favorite	1
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	0
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	0
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	1
for easy , seductive pacing	1
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew	0
fine , nuanced lead performances	1
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act	1
one 's appetite for the bollywood films	1
, irredeemably awful .	0
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline	0
molestation	0
tasty performance	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly	0
most devastating flaw	0
spontaneous intimacy	1
it is a copy of a copy of a copy	0
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party	1
compellingly	1
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it	0
of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --	1
comes off as self-parody .	0
strange it is , but delightfully so .	1
a humorless	0
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master	1
drop	0
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce	1
endure almost unimaginable horror	0
aims to confuse	0
you see this film you 'll know too	1
searching for its identity	0
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
remarkable and memorable film	1
their heroic capacity for good	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography	1
a quaint , romanticized rendering	1
powerfully evocative	1
fascinating stories	1
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered	0
teen-sleaze equivalent	0
naomi watts is terrific as rachel	1
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant	0
that it has n't gone straight to video	0
dreaming up romantic comedies	1
below is well below expectations .	0
big ending surprise	1
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage	0
is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
reel in the audience	1
young romantics	1
the slippery slope	0
scrap	0
, but far more witty	1
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic	0
herzog has fallen	0
the message is too blatant	0
very funny , heartwarming film	1
wonderfully lush	1
a halfwit plot	0
repulse	0
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	1
should never , ever ,	0
is mesmerizing	1
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful	0
beyond its formula	1
ballot	1
stylish exercise	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
art and commerce	1
believe it	1
a jarring , new-agey tone	1
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	1
honest emotions	1
of the worst possibilities of mankind	0
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right	1
the jokes are sophomoric	0
de niro 's right-hand goombah	0
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time	1
coarse , cliched and clunky	0
somewhat problematic	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	1
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	0
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen	1
make the film relevant today	1
a spirited film and a must-see	1
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief	1
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
mundane soap opera	0
absurdity	0
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times	1
all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	1
cute alien	1
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
is brilliant	1
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
pained	0
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear	1
surprisingly engrossing	1
seem heroic deserves a look .	1
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
just as rewarding	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary	1
so cold and dead	0
low-budget and	0
farce	0
at three hours and with very little story or character development	0
in the tradition	1
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
wide-smiling	1
tug at your heart in ways	1
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
for a summer of good stuff	1
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
plotless	0
steals	0
on a 10-year delay	1
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	0
on character	1
a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
no character , loveable or otherwise	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story	1
dumb , narratively chaotic	0
is its reliance on formula	0
been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy	0
an extraordinary film ,	1
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations	0
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers	1
every once in a while a film	1
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
ya-ya 's	1
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama	0
was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	0
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
septic	0
becomes claustrophobic	0
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live	0
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable	1
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
to reel in the audience	1
every gag two or three times	0
90-minute dud	0
an emotional wallop	1
humor	1
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	0
joyous communal festival	1
a movie that is n't just offensive	0
gives hollywood sequels	1
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge	0
borscht	0
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ...	0
provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee	0
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	1
gave me no reason to care	0
to behold in its sparkling beauty	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting	1
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion	1
clearly a manipulative film	1
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way	1
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts	1
nothing about them is attractive .	0
awards animals the respect they	1
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
the performances are amiable and committed	1
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
goes straight to video	0
film that loses sight of its own story .	0
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty	1
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	1
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	0
's undeniably hard to follow	0
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic	0
glaring	0
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
a deeply unpleasant experience	0
love it ...	1
comes far closer than many movies	1
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .	1
with love for the movies of the 1960s	1
grant is certainly amusing , but	1
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch	1
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	1
stories work	1
then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
makes one thing abundantly clear .	1
cheerfully	1
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky	1
lively	1
on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
distinctive discourse	0
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad	1
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	0
his penchant for tearing up on cue --	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	1
sulky teen drama	0
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
amiable picture	1
gently humorous and touching .	1
` true story '	1
of the really bad blair witch project	0
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
padding	1
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
stiletto-stomps the life out	0
with a hard-to-swallow premise	0
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
baroque beauty	1
sobering and powerful documentary	1
backbone	1
to keep things interesting	1
say for plenty of movies	1
it overstays its natural running time	0
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling	1
some success	1
's so bad	0
quite endearing .	1
about either the nature of women or	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism	0
is pretty funny	1
makes it a party worth attending	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,	0
obstacles	0
found the perfect material	1
be based on a true and historically significant story	1
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction	1
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	0
is going to be something really good	1
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message	1
one hour photo lives down to its title .	0
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it	1
more strongly to storytelling	1
coy but exhilarating	1
should have been made for the tube	0
expert comic timing	1
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy	1
oddly honest	1
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's	1
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
is lightweight filmmaking ,	0
thoroughly enjoyed the love story	1
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .	1
much-needed levity	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but	1
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	0
run out of clever ideas and visual gags	0
me feeling refreshed and hopeful	1
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen	1
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for --	0
mike shoots and scores	1
convinced that these women are spectacular	1
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
that gave people seizures	0
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
ill-considered	0
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,	1
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	0
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary	1
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	0
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
an imaginative filmmaker	1
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	0
plastered with one hollywood cliche	0
cliches , painful improbability	0
two dimension tale	1
compassion , good-natured	1
's worth the concentration	1
wonderfully loopy	1
sandbox	1
perceptive , good-natured movie	1
with a completely predictable plot	0
feral and uncomfortable	0
that suffers because of its many excesses	0
a bit repetitive	0
's like having an old friend for dinner '	1
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )	1
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view	1
, this film should not be missed .	1
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .	1
best possible senses	1
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
where nothing really happens	0
lacks in substance	0
knockoff	0
an objective documentary	1
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	0
bludgeoning the audience over the head	0
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	1
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy	1
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
noticeably derivative	0
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice	0
treats us	1
on crummy-looking videotape	0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness	1
gets under our skin and draws us in long	1
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted	1
sincerely crafted picture	1
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two	0
the hero 's odyssey	1
anguish	0
its grand locations	1
to a higher level	1
passionate	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze	1
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	0
stand out	1
, surrealistic moments	1
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	0
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
a native american	1
predictable and	0
so primitive in technique	0
too much to do , too little time to do it in	0
plot and paper-thin supporting characters	0
it counts heart as important as humor	1
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
wilde 's droll whimsy	1
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	1
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage	1
hated	0
i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign	0
as lazy	0
may pander to our basest desires for payback	1
much humor	1
well-made and satisfying thriller	1
determined , ennui-hobbled	1
warmth	1
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
has a wooden delivery and	0
is not real	0
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	0
's a cool event for the whole family	1
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits	0
good music	1
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming	0
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
the hilarious writer-director himself	1
one of the most original american productions this year	1
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance	0
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids	0
elicits strong performances	1
as fresh	1
fake , dishonest	0
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	0
recycling	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see	0
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality	1
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors	0
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
gluing you to the edge of your seat	1
force you to scratch a hole in your head	0
's no energy	0
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	0
little-remembered	0
conned	0
beautifully shot	1
exceptionally	1
a tone poem of transgression .	1
may not	0
dream	1
is grotesque and boring	0
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film	0
of you-are-there immediacy	1
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy	1
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
bravo 's	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood	1
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	0
more elves and snow and	0
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
is a refreshingly forthright one	1
family-friendly comedy	1
every bad action-movie line in history	0
fabulous	1
this is a movie full of grace and ,	1
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
had their hearts in the right place .	1
by its awkward structure and a final veering	0
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers	1
offers big , fat , dumb	0
detract from the affection of that moral favorite	0
groan and	1
as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter	0
a nice coffee table book	1
traditional	1
oh , look at that clever angle !	1
most brilliant work	1
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls	0
smoothly	1
another masterpiece	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor	0
with her actors	1
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	0
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set	0
of too much kid-vid	0
how i killed my father compelling	1
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful	1
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	0
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose	0
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	0
consider it ` perfection . '	1
the `` a '' range	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	1
intelligent romantic thriller	1
marvelously entertaining and	1
to scoring high for originality of plot	1
cunning	1
emotionally vapid	0
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	1
required genuine acting from ms. spears	1
ghandi gone bad	0
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn	0
more accurately , it 's moving	1
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
earnest and heartfelt	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	0
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
aggressively silly	0
collision	0
realistic , urgent	1
truth-in-advertising hounds	0
to much more than trite observations on the human condition	0
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale	1
fairly parochial melodrama	0
far better	1
lopez romantic comedy	1
offensive , puerile and	0
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	0
an all-around good time at the movies	1
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
creative act	1
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash	0
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness	1
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
provides an invaluable service	0
tell you how tedious	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted	0
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...	0
ingenious and	1
an intelligent flick	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
an alluring backdrop	1
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie	1
see it for his performance if nothing else	1
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport	1
find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
a lightweight story about matchmaking	1
domestic tension and unhappiness	0
than either of those films	0
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter	1
, it is a great film .	1
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
incompetent	0
hollywood confection	0
futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
toilet humor ,	0
endear itself to american art house audiences	1
kicking undead ***	0
ugly behavior	0
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart	0
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	1
a sad , soggy potboiler	0
leave you speaking in tongues	1
not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
should n't the reality seem at least passably real	0
the sexy razzle-dazzle	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor	0
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	0
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	1
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	1
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
scoob	1
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
seem self-consciously poetic and forced	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,	0
's much to recommend the film	1
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks	0
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
does n't really know or care about the characters ,	0
average bond	0
, here 's a fun one .	1
lurid	0
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama	1
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	0
powerful entity	1
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro	1
for its sheer audacity and openness	1
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work	1
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	1
what 's worse , routine	0
gorgeously atmospheric meditation	1
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time	0
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
runs around and	1
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at	1
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material	1
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
scenic splendor	1
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	0
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	0
was as superficial	0
is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
of the holiday box office pie	1
greatest mistake	0
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
a bad movie	0
catapulting	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast ,	1
, and beautifully shot	1
even kids deserve better .	0
is predictable at every turn	0
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	1
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
best achievements	1
work more than it probably should	0
sneering humor	1
last summer 's bloated effects	0
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure	0
openness ,	1
every moment crackles with tension	1
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
like puppies with broken legs	0
hallmark card sentimentality and	0
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years	1
delicate , clever	1
a director enjoying himself immensely	1
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length	0
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently	0
the finish line	1
delivers a surprising	1
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes	1
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music	0
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
feral and uncomfortable .	0
a small but rewarding comedy	1
compassionately portrayed	1
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	1
grin	1
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded	0
worthy addition	1
hokey	0
of genuine excitement	1
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
vulgar dialogue	0
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts --	0
is this so boring	0
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
this turd	0
a stable-full of solid performances	1
stellar performance	1
demented	0
's not a fresh idea	0
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
effects that are more silly than scary	0
it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	0
, truly bad	0
viewers out in the cold and	0
the downward spiral comes to pass	0
its excellent use	1
pale xerox of other , better crime movies	0
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	0
comic set	1
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .	0
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera	1
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	1
just becomes sad	0
spare but quietly effective retelling .	1
what 's most offensive	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
a witty expose	1
an undeniably moving film	1
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
the muck	0
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television	0
to the familiar topic of office politics	1
no real sense	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset ,	0
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but	1
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires ,	0
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
excellent use	1
undeniably moving film	1
a great film	1
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter	0
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	1
more propaganda	0
a real filmmaker	1
quite vapid	0
perfect	1
villains	0
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
astonishing growth	1
mean	0
owes enormous debts	0
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
everywhere	1
almost in a class with that of wilde	1
'll still have a good time	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
the price of admission for the ridicule factor	0
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	0
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
bogs down in genre cliches here .	0
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity	1
now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it	0
at this beautifully drawn movie	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack	1
loved	1
most wondrous	1
suits the script	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
entertained by the sight of someone	1
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes	0
a backbone	1
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple	1
disgusting .	0
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and	0
as well-characterized	1
not a bad way to spend an hour or two	1
this turgid fable	0
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament	0
the adjective ` gentle ' applies	1
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
and pulp melodrama	0
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
soullessness	0
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
the troubling thing	0
's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories	1
the best silly horror movies	1
gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	1
david and	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,	1
hilariously wicked black comedy	1
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	1
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications	1
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
simply intrusive	0
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
he will once again be an honest and loving one	1
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
a kilt	0
's surprisingly decent , particularly	1
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
just as endearing and easy	1
suitable summer entertainment	1
troubling and powerful	1
an important movie ,	1
complex , politically charged tapestry	1
honesty and dignity	1
then proceeds to flop	0
refreshed and	1
that should have been the ultimate imax trip	1
the worst thing	0
the perfect cure	1
loses himself to the film 's circular structure	0
unparalleled proportions	1
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	1
a black hole	0
the startling intimacy	1
a major waste ... generic .	0
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
an awkwardly garish showcase	0
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude	1
and satirical touches	1
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
do you	1
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
few nice twists	1
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers	0
dogs	1
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	1
first-class , thoroughly involving	1
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
the enjoyable undercover brother	1
an appealing veneer	1
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson	1
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
one of a really solid woody allen film	1
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	0
is a hilarious adventure	1
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed	1
the historical , philosophical	1
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
a bitter pill	0
increasingly diverse	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie	1
rich details	1
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
three-dimensional characters	1
the suckers	0
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --	0
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film	1
just a string of stale gags ,	0
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough	1
pop up in nearly every corner of the country	1
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	1
intriguing , observant	1
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	1
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy	0
bring to imax	1
, stupid	0
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence	0
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	0
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
is also a creative urge	1
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	0
stylish thriller .	1
us love it , too .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	0
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly	0
what an idea , what a thrill ride	1
a corn dog	0
's something vital about the movie	1
warm and exotic .	1
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	0
to keep it from being maudlin	0
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
trust laughs	1
a chilling movie	1
feels uncomfortably real ,	1
a lot smarter than your average bond .	1
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching	0
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting	0
huston 's revelatory performance	1
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection	1
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over	1
bad film	0
have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not	0
as katzenberg	1
occasionally fun	1
reenacting a historic scandal	1
knows everything and answers all questions ,	1
and engaging examination	1
a calm , self-assured portrait	1
stains	0
a few tasty morsels under your belt	1
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis	1
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	0
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )	1
experienced	1
the best of godard 's movies	1
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey	1
begin to long for the end credits	0
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth	1
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	0
in the wrong hands	0
as important as humor	1
this method almost never fails him , and	1
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget	0
a big corner office in hell	0
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences	1
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
beats new life	1
kill the effect	0
he expresses our most basic emotions	1
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements	0
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit	0
turn stupid	0
seagal	0
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	0
that both thrills the eye and	1
will once again be an honest and loving one	1
negligible work	0
an american actress who becomes fully english	1
forgotten the movie	0
sounds whiny and defensive ,	0
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action	1
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .	1
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	0
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
top billing	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process and	1
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license	0
the people laughing in the crowd	1
if you 're up for that sort of thing	1
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	0
almost as much as they love themselves	0
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement	0
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it	0
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
is breathtaking	1
splendidly cast pair	1
on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee	1
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots	1
essentially ruined -- or , rather	0
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it	1
a clever adaptation	1
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
stay with the stage versions	0
foul-mouthed	0
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter	1
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch	0
disappointing	0
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
the actors are humanly engaged	1
such enervating determination	1
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet	0
of loving	1
the gags	1
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth	0
substitutable	0
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors	1
lost and desolate	0
plot contrivances	0
humorous .	1
'll feel as the credits roll	1
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell	0
richly detailed , deftly executed	1
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script	0
those exceedingly rare films	1
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
even less surprises	0
does n't work as either	0
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	1
richly rewarded	1
a very lively dream	1
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies	1
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
family and community	1
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept	1
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments	1
its invitingly upbeat overture to	1
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
torn away	0
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
a genuine love story	1
a smart movie	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''	0
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	0
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	0
spaces	1
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago	0
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken	0
nightmarish	0
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
hack nick davies	0
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere	0
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
a fresh and absorbing look	1
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
memorable character creations	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet	0
both sides of this emotional car-wreck	0
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	1
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg	0
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny	1
does n't have much to say beyond the news	0
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
bring	1
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot	1
to think about the ways we consume pop culture	1
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of	0
jack o '	1
rekindle the magic of the first film	1
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	0
excruciating film	0
who might enjoy this	1
thought-provoking picture .	1
marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential	0
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
fills the eyes	1
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
slightly less successful than the first	0
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives	1
stoop so low	0
dark , funny humor	1
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	0
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
true to its animatronic roots	1
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end	0
's a terrible movie in every regard ,	0
not so much farcical as sour .	0
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
beijing	1
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it	0
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	1
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker	1
singing , and unforgettable characters	1
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication	0
a haunting tale	1
seen this summer	1
aggressively anti-erotic	0
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	1
its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
distinct and very welcome	1
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy	1
pander to our basest desires	1
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure	0
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick	0
indie of the year	1
inquisitive enough	1
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes	0
vowing , `	1
could use a little more humanity ,	0
sham actor workshops	0
an elegance and maturity	1
from a television monitor	1
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse	1
of jaglom 's own profession	0
watching these two actors play	1
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks	0
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be	0
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes	0
this every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say	1
is icily brilliant .	1
adorably whimsical comedy	1
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
interminably bleak	0
term epic cinema	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about	0
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	1
tattered and ugly past	0
a well-mounted history lesson	1
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	0
the director 's many dodges and turns	0
bile , and irony	0
has something significant to say	1
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks	1
is lightweight filmmaking	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded	1
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
most important and exhilarating	1
's most offensive	0
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all	1
ring hollow	0
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness	1
of warmth and humor	1
creepy crawlies	0
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .	1
sardonic jolt	0
for an unfocused screenplay	0
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle	0
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
the reunion	1
for history buffs	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences	1
i certainly ca n't recommend it	0
just another teen movie ,	0
awesome	1
real stars	1
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
an entertaining ride	1
you can find humor	1
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators	1
a superficial way , while never sure	0
disaster flick	0
regards reign of fire with awe .	1
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized	1
the unsettled tenor	0
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake	0
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body	0
is an inspirational love story	1
being able to give full performances	1
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time	0
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
demands and receives excellent performances	1
the film 's problems	0
nothing to gain from watching they	0
bright , inventive	1
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie	0
engaging , wide-eyed actress	1
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
a disaster	0
waste	0
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly	1
, unassuming , subordinate	0
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy	0
landmark	1
made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
has a true cinematic knack	1
simple pleasures	1
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series	0
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life	0
uncommonly sincere	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	1
more holes	0
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	1
well-balanced fashion	1
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess	0
a certain sexiness	1
rerun	0
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	1
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss	1
wide-smiling reception	1
out of character and logically porous action set	0
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
wobbly	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,	1
intoxicating documentary	1
, deeply felt	1
to be too great	1
jaw-droppingly	1
contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,	1
, touching	1
you 'll have a good time with this one too	1
does n't match his ambition	0
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	0
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black	1
fast-paced and wonderfully edited	1
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
lamer	0
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
really a thriller	1
its promising cast	1
, baroque beauty	1
without much of a story	0
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	1
of the previous two	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even	1
be lovely	1
two hours better watching	1
caring for animals and respecting other cultures	1
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots	0
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
and just plain dumb	0
plays like some corny television	0
pleasing way	1
of more appealing holiday-season product	1
flopped as surely	0
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while	0
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	1
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	1
singing long after the credits roll	1
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
legally blonde and sweet home abomination	0
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	1
on mindless action	0
point and purpose	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,	1
the results are far more alienating than involving .	0
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
a tragedy	0
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
come during that final , beautiful scene	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime	0
funny bones tickled	1
overtly silly dialogue	0
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest ,	0
victorious	1
too grave for youngsters	0
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals	1
hardly an objective documentary	0
a listless and desultory affair .	0
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
a wonderful , ghastly film	1
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	0
of a good time	1
pay to see it	1
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	0
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it	0
unexpectedly moving	1
understands how to create and sustain a mood	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise	0
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
a boring , pretentious waste	0
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it	0
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...	0
his slop	0
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york	0
goose things up	1
into clichés	0
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	0
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	0
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	0
again dazzle and delight us	1
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	1
misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	0
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any	0
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people	1
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs	1
over and over again .	0
multi-layers	1
's made at least one damn fine horror movie	1
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters	0
something of a stiff --	0
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80	1
funny or	1
no .	0
to learn , to grow	1
re-fried	0
-- and it is n't that funny .	0
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching	1
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling	1
my eyelids ... getting	0
actually pulling it off	1
sucks you in	1
with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
vulgarity , sex scenes , and	0
are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
a harrowing account	1
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
disgusting	0
a winner	1
a monumental achievement	1
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	0
into a black hole of dullness	0
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	0
best man ''	1
socially encompassing	1
lifetime milestones	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered	0
's nothing wrong with that	1
it also happens to be good	1
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	1
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
is a treat .	1
driver and goodfellas	1
the wit and hoopla	1
, then blood work is for you .	1
a handful of smart jokes	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company	1
armageddon	0
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine	0
devastating	0
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
busts out of its comfy little cell	1
veered off too far	0
inept and artificial	0
enough cool fun	1
romp of a film	1
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse	0
is never especially clever and	0
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project	0
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces	0
hackneyed	0
modern masculine journey	1
a kind of ghandi gone bad	0
and inventive moments	1
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base	0
, pasty lumpen	0
a great piece of filmmaking	1
look no further	1
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
ever released by a major film studio .	1
does n't really go anywhere .	0
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy	0
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters	1
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt	0
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape	0
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying	1
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
depict the french revolution	1
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
few things more frustrating	0
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie	1
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions	0
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
magic and whimsy	1
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
dogs who are smarter than him	0
sweet spirit	1
crawls along	0
eee for excitement	1
wit and compassion	1
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich	1
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut	1
of fun or energy	1
ranks as the most original in years .	1
a scary , action-packed chiller	1
a beautifully	1
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie	1
this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
ends up falling short as a whole	0
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes	0
similarly themed	1
a xerox machine	0
sitting around	0
turn down a big bowl of that	0
a discreet moan	0
lived in a state of quiet desperation	0
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies	0
which is way too stagy	0
-- you 'll love this movie .	1
cornball sequel	0
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .	0
low rent from frame one .	0
trite and overused	0
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
the best actor	1
, the movie is rather choppy .	0
an often intense character study	1
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
` triumph '	1
ponderous and	0
after you laugh once ( maybe twice )	0
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	1
a nightmare about bad cinema	0
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences	1
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	0
worth your seven bucks	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay	0
clunky	0
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick	0
is a little scattered -- ditsy ,	0
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
being surprisingly dull	0
drags	0
most charmless	0
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness	0
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	0
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	1
ever-watchful	1
ploddingly sociological commentary	0
riveting performances	1
polished and vastly entertaining	1
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes	0
inspiring , ironic , and	1
be on video	0
family togetherness	1
a bilingual charmer ,	1
own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
for a barf bag	0
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies	1
cinematic knack	1
a minor miracle in unfaithful	1
with cloying messages and irksome characters	0
ultra-cheesy	0
ending surprise	1
take us by surprise ...	1
a reasonable degree	1
equally impressive degree	1
questionable	0
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
artful , watery tones	1
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	1
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits	0
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma	0
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why	1
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety	0
rapturous	0
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
laughs --	1
given by the capable cast	1
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	1
wonderfully sprawling soap opera	1
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience	1
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism	1
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	0
disjointed mess	0
make it well worth watching	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style	0
effortless	1
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers	1
the worst kind of mythologizing	0
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters	1
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
dumbed-down version	0
elaborate special effects	1
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph	1
raw urban humor	1
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
by poor casting	0
red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
the excesses of writer-director roger avary	0
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
he allows nothing to get in the way	1
the look and the period trappings right	1
grows up	1
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil	1
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	0
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
a poignant and gently humorous	1
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe	0
kind of special	1
, inner-city autistic	0
something creepy and vague	0
overwhelming pleasure	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly	1
, but also intriguing and honorable ,	1
spicy footnote	1
demonic	0
creeps into your heart	1
to do with imagination than market research	0
one of the best	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	1
its ultimate demise	0
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york	1
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility	0
itself , a playful spirit	1
manage to hit all of its marks	1
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
make interesting	1
, even-flowing tone	1
having fun with it all	1
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
our best achievements and other times	1
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
slap me , i saw this movie .	0
a phony relationship	0
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
a wild ride	1
great trashy fun	1
the sturdiest example yet	1
damn unpleasant	0
degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage	0
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
another disjointed	0
does such a good job of it	1
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair	0
bravery and integrity	1
truest sense	1
in boredom	0
so freely	1
was a guilty pleasure	1
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
me grinning	1
's brilliant ` videodrome	1
the lines work	1
little film noir organized crime story	1
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	0
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	0
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe	0
welcomed	1
vulgar dialogue and	0
a wretched movie	0
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
works well enough	1
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant	1
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident	0
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle	0
pale script	0
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
beautifully sung	1
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	1
cringing	0
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste	0
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
smart and fun	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king	1
likable story	1
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast	0
falling into the hollywood trap and	0
grisly	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision	1
even the corniest and most hackneyed	0
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	1
has rewards	1
both a beautifully	1
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .	0
incredible storyline	1
good documentarian	1
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit	0
cinematic razzle-dazzle	1
smartly written motion picture	1
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	0
a group of dedicated artists	1
sweet-tempered comedy	1
an awful movie that	0
as lame and sophomoric	0
of the most curiously depressing	0
borrowed images	0
france 's foremost cinematic poet	1
odoriferous thing ...	0
brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works	1
mind ugly	0
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans )	1
the problems with the film	0
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	0
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism	1
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	0
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment	0
might actually want to watch	1
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,	1
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
so hot-blooded	1
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects	1
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
a whole lot of fun	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	0
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor	1
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	1
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
prettiest	1
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd	1
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise	1
's black hawk down with more heart	1
but it does n't leave you with much .	0
fairly slow paced	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors	0
spousal abuse	0
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
snooze .	0
ong 's promising debut	1
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
god help us	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	1
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes	1
its courage ,	1
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening	0
spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real	0
glossy hollywood	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	0
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	0
remains brightly optimistic ,	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	1
of deep feeling	1
very ugly , very fast	0
a superior crime movie	1
is the stuff that disney movies are made of	1
delivers a powerful commentary	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .	1
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
a pitch-perfect holden	1
with a company of strictly a-list players	1
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
aging , suffering and the prospect of death	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait	1
created a brilliant motion picture	1
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony	1
contributions	1
the most compelling performance of the year	1
a collage of clichés and a dim	0
energizes it	1
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible	0
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
that it 's a brazenly misguided project	0
a schlocky creature	0
in a standard plot	0
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
beautifully read and , finally ,	1
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,	1
an advantage	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,	1
most immediate and most obvious	0
it 's crafty , energetic and smart --	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture	0
ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
poorly staged	0
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	0
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	0
`` b +	1
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	0
a lovely , sad dance	1
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making	0
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls	0
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann ,	1
to feed to the younger generations	1
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
she 's not funny	0
educates	1
less funny	0
your favorite pet get buried alive	0
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting	1
ill-wrought hypothesis	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber	1
more good than great	1
fit the incredible storyline	1
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	0
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
to guilt-trip parents	0
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
bloated effects	0
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
one of its strengths	1
stifling morality tale	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley	1
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy	1
moderately successful	1
favorite	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting	0
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	0
film buffs	1
it 's worth seeing	1
compulsively watchable	1
a strong first act	1
absolutely unnecessary	0
is repulsive and depressing	0
that he 's the best brush in the business	1
patient and tenacious	1
with such clarity	1
best actors	1
in this marvelous film	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
about female friendship that men can embrace and women	1
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
purr	1
'' or `` suck ''	0
intrigued	1
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
barney 's	1
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket	1
unimaginable demons	0
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,	1
accents so good	1
perfunctory conclusion	0
zippy jazzy score	1
the sheer joy and pride	1
's a sit down and ponder affair	1
special effect	1
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle	1
the most amazing super-sized dosage	1
wasting away inside unnecessary films	0
finds its tone and several scenes run	1
and sickening product placement	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed	0
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots	0
a better thriller	1
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context	0
relayed by superb	1
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	1
off	0
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run	1
open-ended questions	1
visually smart	1
are more involving than this mess	0
loud , chaotic and	0
with us is a minor miracle	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,	1
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation	0
bodily function jokes	0
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	1
night out	1
as the protagonists struggled	0
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
sour , bloody and mean	0
translate well	1
makes the right choices at every turn	1
forgiveness and love	1
intimate contemplation	1
some nice twists	1
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense	1
is to substitute plot for personality .	0
so heartwarmingly	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	1
surprisingly funny	1
at its laziest	0
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
weak and strong	1
liked it just enough	1
enjoyed it	1
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction	0
to be consumed and forgotten	0
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	1
a haunting sense of malaise	0
a breezy blend	1
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
windshield	1
full of grace	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,	0
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	0
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks	0
about issues most adults have to face in marriage	1
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	1
watch this movie	1
in the simple telling	1
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham	1
lasting traces	1
affair	0
the familiar , funny surface	1
whimsical humor	1
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it	1
made literature literal without killing its soul	1
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment	0
as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
its real emotional business	1
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy	0
're gon na like this movie	1
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it	1
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
following your dream	1
beautifully read	1
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	0
non-firsthand experience	0
nearly as dreadful as expected	0
sometimes is a brilliant movie .	1
key strength	1
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .	1
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	0
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
duvall is strong as always .	1
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	0
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	1
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
deeply concerned with morality	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic	0
his imagination so vivid	1
competent	1
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless	0
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
he 's done	0
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '	0
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
desiccated	0
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .	0
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?	0
lacked any	0
the most entertaining monster movies	1
too busy	0
good as the original	1
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
're on the edge of your seat	1
chases for an hour and then	1
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers	1
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	0
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,	1
fast-paced contemporary society	1
a smart , provocative drama	1
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere	0
fun .	1
that just does n't have big screen magic	0
immature and	0
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
see it as soon as possible	1
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
a heavy stench	0
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script	1
the poor quality	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events	1
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story	1
sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
through clever makeup design	1
bittersweet film	1
mean	0
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale	1
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary	1
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	0
an uneven film for the most part	0
it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
sometimes funny	1
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries	1
in constant fits of laughter	1
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is	0
it was particularly funny	1
a waste	0
collateral damage is trash	0
in amazement over the fact	1
an unrewarding collar	0
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera	0
truth-telling	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes	0
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
perdition	1
life and small delights	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	1
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted	1
love the film	1
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series	1
live up to material	1
a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry	1
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause	1
advancing	1
powerful and satisfying	1
's as good as you remember .	1
winning family story	1
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	1
a worldly-wise and very funny script	1
evocative	1
the animation and game phenomenon	1
proved too difficult	0
whatever complaints i might have	0
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	1
paramount imprint	0
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable	1
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars	0
its standard formula	0
funny little film	1
brave and	1
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
, smoky and inviting	1
endlessly	0
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
the concept is a hoot .	1
equally assured	1
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
moldering	0
gave people seizures	0
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all )	1
he refuses to give us real situations and characters	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema ,	0
from the characters	1
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
uninvolving	0
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
very valuable film	1
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why	1
for godard	0
its leaden acting	0
two surefire , beloved genres	1
devolves into the derivative	0
its storytelling prowess and special effects	1
( and fairly unbelievable )	0
acquires an undeniable entertainment value	1
on a group of extremely talented musicians	1
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen	1
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	0
by amateurish	0
as their natural instinct for self-preservation	1
bracingly truthful antidote	1
... stale and uninspired .	0
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
appalling	0
unappealing	0
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling	0
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	0
gross-out flicks ,	0
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche	0
watch , giggle	1
multi-layered	1
's an excellent 90-minute film	1
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
painfully slow cliche-ridden film	0
but certainly not without merit	1
, offensive and redundant	0
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
good sense	1
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
most humane and important holocaust movies	1
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
i laughed at	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,	0
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
try and evade	0
literary desecrations	0
goose-pimple	1
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture	1
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature	1
a great	1
they finally feel absolutely earned	1
monotone	0
thriller	1
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics	0
compliment	1
're left with a sour taste in your mouth	0
been given the drive of a narrative	1
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances '	1
profound humanity	1
terrific story	1
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
understanding of the expressive power of the camera	1
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
weighted down	0
amazing slapstick	1
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
this movie is to be cherished .	1
does n't work because there is no foundation for it	0
compelling coming-of-age drama	1
martial arts	1
covers this territory with wit and originality	1
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	0
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence	0
supplies with tremendous skill	1
used my two hours better watching	0
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents	1
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
neo-fascism	0
men of marginal intelligence	0
more than adequately fills the eyes and	1
whatever	0
paints a grand picture of an era	1
mind-numbing	0
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
enough cool fun here	1
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,	0
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film	0
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .	0
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
about memory and regret	1
impeccable	1
i realized that i just did n't care	0
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
terrific documentaries	1
take me back to a time	1
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar	0
soderbergh 's best films ,	1
angel	1
be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
vivid performances	1
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal	1
tired retread	0
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	1
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
terrific screenplay	1
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
object to the idea of a vietnam picture	0
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	1
serenity	1
the vagueness	0
greatest teacher	1
truly magical	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence	0
's attracting audiences to unfaithful	1
is strong as always .	1
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up	0
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime	1
childlike smile	1
the bad sound ,	0
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark	1
adept	1
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled	0
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew	0
connection and concern	1
need a playful respite	1
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	1
its accumulated enjoyment	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
the best next generation episodes	1
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout	1
listless and desultory affair	0
all sides	1
dumb fart	0
slip into hokum	0
rare window	0
dangerously collide	0
damage	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	0
the high infidelity	0
handsome	1
slick	1
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish	1
magic and is enjoyable family fare	1
the rope snaps	0
than you could have guessed at the beginning	1
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
well made	1
a cliché	0
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;	1
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down	0
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	1
one of the best films	1
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
bottom	0
hollowness	0
sweet and sexy	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense	0
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
murder by numbers just does n't add up .	0
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks	0
is both gripping and compelling	1
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery	1
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	1
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way	1
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -	1
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining	1
your indifference	0
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience	0
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
entertaining tricks	1
of psychopathic pulp	0
did they not have the nerve to speak up	0
excellent choice	1
of warmth and gentle humor	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and	1
chronically	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school	0
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
a good human	1
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
the horror	0
overcome his personal obstacles and	1
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting	0
its unerring respect	1
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid	1
's already a joke in the united states .	0
hard-to-swallow	0
a more mythic level	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride	1
captures the wonders and worries of childhood	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it	0
one of the best war movies ever made	1
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about	0
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's	0
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
expressing itself in every way imaginable	1
mind crappy movies as much as adults	0
by the time it 's done with us ,	0
years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	0
sometimes inadequate performances	0
on the santa clause 2	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ...	0
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque	1
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience	1
really adorable italian guys .	1
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	0
, low-budget and tired	0
only self-aware neurotics engage in	1
ame and unnecessary .	0
makes this a high water mark for this genre	1
first film something of a sleeper success	1
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption	1
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just	1
some phenomenal performances	1
off the hook	1
appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
is terrific	1
's tremendously moving	1
trimmed	0
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
longer exposition sequences between them	0
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men	1
solid acting and a neat premise	1
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
a smile	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
choppy and sloppy affair	0
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans	1
while the story goes nowhere	0
wildly careening tone	0
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	1
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	0
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness	1
engagingly	1
wanting more answers as the credits	0
a lot more	1
a hollywood film	1
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time .	1
acting that could be any flatter	0
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
that fails on so many levels	0
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	0
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer	1
celluloid heaven	1
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	1
-- and gross --	0
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment	1
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
his intellectual rigor	1
aimless	0
juiceless	0
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	0
such a pleasure	1
a tribute	1
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
juvenile camera movements	0
take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	1
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	0
does n't make much	0
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop	1
comedic	1
powerful 1957 drama	1
mined his personal horrors and	0
there 's no fizz	0
rises above superficiality .	1
accumulated enjoyment	1
this charming but slight tale	1
silly overkill	0
charge money for this ?	0
regret	0
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once	1
a fascinating character 's story	1
skilled actors	1
a sweet and sexy film	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	1
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,	1
cruel	0
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,	1
impressive job	1
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
superbly acted offbeat thriller	1
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
best movies	1
things to like	1
exceptionally good idea	1
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book	0
consider a dvd rental instead	0
that plays things so nice	1
squarely fills the screen .	1
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision	1
omits	0
this leaden comedy	0
poorly written , murky and weakly acted	0
wonderous	1
seem to hit	1
mysterious	1
the nation	1
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures	0
she 's a pretty woman ,	1
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy	0
ultimately satisfies with its moving story	1
silly-looking morlocks	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , ''	0
poetic force	1
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams	1
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
love sweetly	1
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow	1
but also nicely done	1
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation	0
master class .	1
common sense	1
insightful enough	1
can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
will amuse or entertain them	1
surprised	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
groaners	0
cheered	1
seeing something purer than the real thing	1
and sublime music	1
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
interesting cinematic devices	1
, we need agile performers	0
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away	0
its success on a patient viewer	1
ridiculous wig	0
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...	1
into such fresh territory	1
well-balanced	1
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
the long and eventful spiritual journey	1
is fantastic .	1
with great help from kevin kline	1
spice	1
jumps around	0
watching the proverbial paint dry	0
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	0
a film that plays things so nice	1
being forceful , sad without being shrill	1
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets	0
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them	0
the modern master	1
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	1
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers	1
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	0
mediocre one	0
once amusing	0
cinematic tone poem	1
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins	1
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	1
over his head	0
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	1
delivers on the promise of excitement	1
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
taylor 's cartoonish performance and	0
both a great and a terrible story	1
gifted	1
ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
enough cool	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending	1
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff	0
naturally dramatic	1
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin	1
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored	1
maintaining a light touch	1
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them	1
the reefs	0
is very original	1
lost .	0
a good-hearted ensemble comedy	1
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '	0
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
loose , poorly structured film	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances	0
groan and hiss	0
you 'd swear you	1
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	1
of low-budget filmmaking	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,	0
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	0
be thinking about going to see this movie	1
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	0
emerges as another key contribution	1
the project should have been made for the tube .	0
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood	1
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something	1
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale	0
worth a look as a curiosity	1
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
savage full-bodied wit	1
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
, labute continues to improve .	1
dark-as-pitch	0
of substance about a teacher	1
feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
beautiful , angry and sad ,	1
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers	0
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
comes along every day	1
fairly uneventful and	0
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor	1
because there is no foundation for it	0
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
is both contrived and cliched	0
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject	0
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	1
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
drowsy drama	0
the genuine ones barely register	0
cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
work better	1
sick society	0
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
strongest performance	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture	1
ludicrous and contrived plot	0
cast the magnificent jackie chan	1
jams too many prefabricated story elements	0
be better as a diary or documentary	0
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people	1
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	0
the characters never change .	0
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective	1
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	0
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful	1
's appealingly manic and energetic	1
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy	0
offers hope	1
made the first one charming	1
observations on the human condition	1
the flawed support structure	0
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
with such exuberance and passion	1
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	1
heartwarming	1
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
timid and soggy	0
an energy to y tu mamá también	1
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	0
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth	1
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries	1
some sort of beacon of hope	1
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation	1
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	0
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis	0
lively intelligence	1
a charismatic charmer	1
their shallow styles	0
-- in the title role --	1
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	0
sparking	1
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
is just lazy writing	0
slap her - she 's not funny !	0
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
wonderous accomplishment	1
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon	1
a stirring tribute	1
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	0
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it	1
enjoy the hot chick	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment	1
tepid	0
's coherent , well shot ,	1
it is	1
original is its content , look , and style	1
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity	1
never once predictable .	1
to sloppy plotting	0
uncertain	0
a rather tired	0
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --	0
a brazenly misguided project	0
as entertainment	1
generous and subversive	1
intimate and panoramic .	1
fresh and absorbing	1
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron	1
loud , low-budget and tired	0
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out	1
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies	0
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book	1
's not too fast and not too slow .	1
pitch-perfect forster	1
the pretensions -- and disposable story --	0
sucks you in and	1
will be friends through thick and thin	1
uphill or something	1
mothers	1
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
unbearable	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and	0
obscenely bad	0
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
good documentary	1
sadly	0
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
to win any academy awards	1
does n't add up to much .	0
a bittersweet film ,	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise	0
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special	0
about a superficial midlife crisis	0
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
difficult to fathom	0
enhances the personal touch of manual animation	1
wonderful film to bring to imax	1
mental illness	0
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
a characteristically engorged and sloppy	0
worthy	1
a slick , engrossing melodrama	1
a negligible british comedy .	0
insufferably naive	0
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet	0
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment	0
, joyous celebration	1
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film	1
fantastically	1
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle	1
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic	0
colorful world	1
sweet , genuine chemistry	1
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	0
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
is one of those films that aims to confuse	0
solid , spooky	1
saddest action hero performances	0
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
a visionary	1
went over my head or	0
dull , somnambulant exercise	0
for genre fans	1
romp that 's always fun to watch	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and ,	0
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit	1
often inspiring	1
low-budget , video-shot	0
catches dramatic fire	1
utter cuteness	1
limps along	0
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish	1
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	1
clumsiness	0
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
the acting is just fine	1
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick	1
it all the more compelling	1
less concerned with cultural and political issues	0
painfully forced	0
solutions	1
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
typical	0
the success of undercover brother	1
is a brilliant movie .	1
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it	0
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame	0
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
's surprisingly harmless .	1
fears	0
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	1
positively shakesperean	1
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	1
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long	0
stunning	1
jolts the laughs from the audience	1
, you 'd better have a good alternative	0
and it 's a lousy one at that .	0
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16	1
awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
a cellular phone commercial	0
yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,	1
hilariously , gloriously alive , and	1
pile too many `` serious issues ''	0
big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
is ultimately quite unengaging	0
mesmerize , astonish and entertain	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut	1
went astray	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing	1
is warm , inviting , and surprising	1
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	0
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	1
is twice as bestial but half as funny .	0
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans	0
reverie	1
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	0
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	1
a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	1
deserving of its oscar nomination	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .	1
make such a worthless film	0
an uncluttered , resonant gem	1
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	1
demeaning	0
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor	1
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
is a little too in love with its own cuteness	0
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,	0
fearlessness	1
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	0
arrogant	0
try hard but	0
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what	1
the e-graveyard	1
eventually cloying pow drama .	0
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
amusing juxtapositions	1
simply stupid ,	0
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark	0
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer	1
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep	1
racist	0
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective	1
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and	1
emotionally intense	1
of admission for the ridicule factor	0
deliciously exploitative	1
of american pie hijinks	0
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem	0
a total washout	0
a fierce dance	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle	0
restrained and	0
a zippy jazzy score	1
fast-paced	1
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out	0
well-done film	1
is distressingly rote	0
like a tired tyco ad	0
an indisputably spooky film	1
oblivious	0
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining	1
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it	1
i enjoyed .	1
its promising cast of characters	1
without any of its satirical	0
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
inside righteousness	1
just for sitting through it	0
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
, almost mystical work	1
by now intolerable morbidity	0
as refreshing	1
weak and	0
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast	0
bittersweet	1
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	0
complex and quirky ,	1
's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
such high-wattage brainpower	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	0
technically sumptuous but	1
hellish	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation	1
new or interesting	1
disarmingly	1
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be	0
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks	0
helps little	0
cultural	1
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	0
the head of the class of women 's films	1
animated thoughts	1
's a lousy one at that .	0
being a complete waste of time	0
stylish but steady	1
love interest	1
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
ridiculous bolero	0
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate	0
transvestite comedy	0
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is	0
be as bored watching morvern callar	0
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard	1
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness	0
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain	0
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original	1
is worth your time ,	1
like an extreme action-packed film	1
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man	1
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .	1
this is going to be something really good	1
is its reliance on formula , though	0
left slightly disappointed that it did n't	0
frantic than involving ,	0
quirky , slightly strange french films	1
that grew hideously twisted	0
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot	0
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
listless	0
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze	1
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11	1
still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch	0
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	0
dead dog	0
keen eye , sweet spirit	1
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman	1
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	0
the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
fit	1
the execution	0
independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood	0
the first place	1
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
a great cast and	1
the better of obnoxious adults	0
powerful , inflammatory film	1
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it	1
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
and crudely literal	0
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
fabulously funny and	1
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
alive	1
an overflowing septic tank	0
never knew what the hell was coming next	0
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	0
viva le resistance !	1
do no wrong	1
positive change	1
the long-faced sad sack	0
well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
subtle	1
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
concentration	1
an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	1
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	0
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
averting an american-russian armageddon	1
smart and fun , but far more witty	1
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds	1
very ambitious project	1
his films so memorable	1
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
is among wiseman 's warmest	1
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
still serious problem	0
rehashes several old themes	0
fondly	1
remains uniquely itself	1
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart	1
the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
is appealing .	1
elevate	1
children 's entertainment , superhero comics	1
bloody	0
manipulative claptrap	0
their way around this movie directionless ,	0
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	0
an excruciating film	0
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers	1
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing	0
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	1
enjoy the ride	1
leather pants &	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety	1
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
beautiful than either of those films	1
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue	0
, some of it is honestly affecting	1
a huge disappointment coming	0
it sucked .	0
than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script	1
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own	1
a hard time sitting through this one	0
fierce grace	1
sincere and artful	1
put through torture for an hour and a half	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	1
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries	1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	1
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it	1
venture forth	1
annoying score	0
intimate than spectacular	1
darker	0
rick	1
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	0
screaming but yawning	0
a prolific director	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,	1
hide new secretions	0
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
wonderfully warm	1
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
sanctimonious , self-righteous	0
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
way off	0
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film	1
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
good-looking but	1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
's too long and unfocused	0
incredibly captivating and insanely funny	1
incompetent cops	0
super - violent ,	0
rally to its cause ,	1
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;	0
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves	0
of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm	0
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom	0
great american comedy	1
give a second look	1
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest	1
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction	1
like lint in a fat man 's navel	0
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good	1
reactionary ideas about women	0
passion , creativity , and fearlessness	1
botched	0
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life	1
went over my head	0
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
is commentary enough	1
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
a negligible work	0
a shaky , uncertain film	0
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
piffle .	0
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman	1
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
is laughingly enjoyable	1
the boho art-house crowd	1
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen	1
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
narcotized	0
by splendid performances	1
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away	0
hollywood horror	0
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	1
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch	1
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,	1
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest	1
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
the problem with all of this	0
dumbed-down	0
awakens	1
a fantastically vital movie	1
surprising , subtle turn	1
john carpenter 's original	1
how horrible	0
adrift , bentley and hudson	0
provide its thrills and extreme emotions	1
irredeemably awful	0
the film 's story does not live up to its style	0
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you	1
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
that delivers a surprising	1
in a stunning fusion of music and images	1
scam	0
joyous celebration	1
in good fun	1
look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real --	0
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups	0
juwanna mann	1
less entertaining	0
fortify this turgid fable	0
are consistently delightful .	1
designed to fill time ,	0
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ...	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock	1
there is no foundation for it	0
's a lot of tooth in roger dodger	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive	0
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :	1
scenes brim	1
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
attractive throughout	1
is nothing redeeming about this movie .	0
is way , way off	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
with the inescapable conclusion	1
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	0
's not funny	0
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --	0
glum as mr. de niro	0
a con artist and	1
both deserve better .	0
, hypocritical	0
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even	1
deeply biased , and wholly	0
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	1
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through	0
a tour de force	1
wry and engrossing	1
elaborate and twisted characters	0
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	0
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination	1
barbarism	0
are believable as people	1
struggles	0
is one of the year 's best	1
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
good time	1
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros	1
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand	1
blazing	1
eloquent clarity	1
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
fun and funky look	1
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick	0
needs to stay afloat in hollywood	0
a sharp , amusing study of the cult	1
emotionally at least )	1
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen	1
pleaser	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ...	1
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
of the funniest jokes of any movie	1
weird , wonderful	1
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
chilling and heart-warming	1
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	1
a perfect wildean actor	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater .	1
an impressive roster of stars and direction	1
under-inspired , overblown enterprise	0
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	1
the numerous scenes	1
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab	0
spoofs and celebrates	1
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
shining with all the usual spielberg flair ,	1
this funny film	1
the metaphors are provocative	1
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
a movie that 's held	1
is nearly impossible to look at or understand	0
a smart , nuanced look	1
for serious film buffs	1
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	0
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture	1
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside	1
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination	0
, humorless soap opera	0
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and	1
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
lingering death	0
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard	0
raucously	1
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	0
all the way	1
subtle and	1
worthy and devastating	1
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
epic cinema	1
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
entertaining and , ultimately ,	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	0
wise	1
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
great missed opportunity	0
potentially interesting idea	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,	1
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
in-your-face family drama and black comedy	1
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations	1
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs	1
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	0
banality	0
yank	1
are so well	1
virtually no one	0
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
of hope	1
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy	0
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about	0
unmemorable filler	0
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	0
unnoticed	0
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	1
bombastic self-glorification	0
is simply brilliant	1
it 's simply baffling	0
it 's splash without the jokes .	0
with all its flaws	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject	1
the operative word for `` bad company	0
occasional slowness	0
a man in pain	0
an honesty and dignity	1
the demented mind	0
hollow at its emotional core	0
a blast	1
a torrent of emotion	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film	1
infectious	1
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	0
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
welcome step	1
cliches and	0
humorous	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture ,	0
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
vampire fun	1
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see ,	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and	1
in its committed dumbness	0
to merit such superficial treatment	0
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity	1
a riveting profile	1
sluggish	0
runs on the pure adrenalin	1
abandon the theater	0
choppy	0
unexpected heights	1
constructs	1
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived	0
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .	0
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden	1
the action sequences -- clearly the main event --	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
virtually nothing to show	0
that the theme does n't drag an audience down	1
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera	1
most late-night bull sessions	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing	0
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring	1
our infantilized culture	0
really stupid	0
hard time	0
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest	0
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking	0
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note	1
the film buzz and whir	1
of the unsalvageability	0
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	0
human nature	1
feel sorry	0
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	1
do a homage	1
but utterly delightful .	1
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike	1
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
a great movie	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love	1
do no wrong with jason x.	1
supremely good natured	1
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
another cool crime movie	1
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ,	1
an eviction notice	0
ideas and special-interest groups	1
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
gritty	1
hoary dialogue ,	0
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
if i want a real movie	0
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made	0
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
unexpectedly sweet	1
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen	0
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving	1
a rip-off twice removed	0
is like binging on cotton candy	1
'' is never lethargic	1
hollywood trap	0
crawl up your own ***	0
harmoniously	1
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
rampant adultery	0
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy	0
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain	1
ups	1
painfully bad	0
that is actually funny with the material	1
, unconvincing	0
the integrity	1
have a good time	1
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
be growing	1
bad trip	0
equally great	1
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways	0
rather routine	0
a detailed historical document	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose	1
a fine ,	1
fiery	1
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	1
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love	1
a nice , light treat	1
ultimately purposeless	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	0
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
so distasteful	0
considerable charm	1
the triumph of his band	1
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy	0
inept filmmaking	0
the climactic burst of violence	0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	0
no charm	0
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
, love .	1
his surprising discovery	1
struck a chord in me	1
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
usual fluttering and stammering	0
to eat popcorn	1
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
moving documentary	1
of ` let 's get this thing over with	0
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous	1
powerful rather than cloying	1
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature ,	1
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible	1
is that it stinks	0
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler	1
so appealing about the characters	1
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002	0
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	0
, crisp storytelling	1
anger and frustration	0
is no foundation for it	0
sitcom material	0
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry	1
a modestly surprising movie .	1
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity	1
wisdom and emotion	1
her agreeably startling use of close-ups	1
ambitious movie	1
capable	1
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
satisfying crime drama	1
look at that clever angle	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and	1
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .	0
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
work -- is charming ,	1
is even lazier and far less enjoyable	0
warmed-over cold war paranoia	0
( herzog 's ) personal policy	1
a fair share	1
worthwhile themes	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	0
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds	1
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases	0
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	0
dies	0
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	0
their natural instinct for self-preservation	1
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously	0
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import	0
is merited	1
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade	1
tremendously moving	1
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
as bad as you think	0
stiff or just plain bad	0
the inspiration of the original	1
find greatness	1
love liza 's	1
a bland	0
beautifully choreographed	1
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but	1
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and	0
that it 's the butt of its own joke	0
a hoot in a bad-movie way	0
somewhat short	0
elegant technology	1
'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	1
strongest film	1
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal	1
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
stunning fusion	1
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere	1
an entertainment destination	1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length .	1
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro	0
watery tones	0
my precious new star wars movie	1
the action and	1
a rehash	0
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	0
fascinating look	1
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie	0
does n't live up to the exalted tagline	0
cheap , b movie way	0
crackles	1
say it was a guilty pleasure	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	0
the relationship between reluctant	1
gently humorous	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy	0
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
's a movie about it	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
a pleasant distraction	1
your first instinct is to duck	0
less enjoyable	0
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner	1
a sermon for most of its running time	0
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
have fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
a bittersweet drama	1
step backward	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,	1
a solidly entertaining	1
a hallucinatory dreamscape	1
whipping out the dirty words	0
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling	1
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs	0
a fascinating character 's	1
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
scream	0
liked	1
its absurdity	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya	1
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination	0
give the transcendent performance	1
of that moral favorite	1
too many `` serious issues ''	0
still-inestimable contribution	1
unsurprising	0
horrible	0
artful	1
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival	1
pitifully few real laughs	0
it made me feel unclean , and	0
black-and-white and unrealistic	0
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc	0
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics	0
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	0
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise	1
, hard-hitting documentary .	1
a photographic marvel	1
so poorly plotted and scripted .	0
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
convincing	1
worth revisiting	1
mind-bending	1
the holes in this film remain agape --	0
the opulent lushness	1
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
sufficient	1
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness	1
hearts	1
of the all-time great apocalypse movies	1
estranged from reality	0
believe that resident evil is not it .	0
beaches	1
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
that would have made vittorio de sica proud	1
a brilliant piece	1
is an interesting character	1
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done	1
sleek and arty .	1
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	0
humanizing	1
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards	0
of good	1
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
why it fails	0
undeniably intriguing	1
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon	1
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
leaden and dull	0
few things in this world more complex --	1
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
for what we can get on television for free	0
left a few crucial things out ,	0
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation	0
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment	1
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action	0
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	1
a tremendous piece	1
live happily ever	1
technically and artistically inept .	0
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
propaganda	0
, three-dimensional characters	1
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
something of a triumph	1
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
to the grayish quality of its lighting	0
world traveler gave me no reason to care	0
will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
spellbinding fun	1
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie	1
, passion , and genius	1
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
drag the movie	0
bracingly nasty	0
splendid production design	1
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
cause massive cardiac arrest	0
lacks dramatic punch and depth .	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and	1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
insane comic	1
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise	0
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	1
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered )	0
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters	1
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and	1
conflicts	0
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
drowned me in boredom .	0
lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
a well-deserved reputation	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ...	1
is almost certainly	1
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors	1
nails hard	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness	0
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus	1
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man	1
not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled	0
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour	0
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma	1
ingratiating	0
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy	0
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	0
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
as pretty contagious fun	1
one splendidly cast pair	1
can be numbing	0
combined with so much first-rate talent	1
deadly dull	0
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography	1
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .	0
makes it work more than it probably should	1
abomination	0
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity	1
interesting	1
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery	1
is a real charmer	1
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture	1
some first-rate performances	1
some honest insight	1
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce	0
especially give credit to affleck .	1
honest performances and	1
is reasonably entertaining	1
for beginners	0
pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident	0
dragonfly	1
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
familiar -- and not in a good way	0
is completely at sea	1
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and	1
a less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness	0
's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
's something there	1
assured	1
are becoming irritating	0
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	1
third-rate horror sequels	0
this fascinating portrait	1
move over bond	1
a mature and frank fashion	1
win	1
what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve	1
dubious product	0
their computer-animated faces	0
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	1
, seamless and sumptuous stream	1
the best case for christianity	1
showing honest emotions .	1
this is a heartfelt story	1
is extremely funny ,	1
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
better person	1
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless	0
the slack complacency	0
cheap cliché	0
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country	0
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	0
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists	0
grab you	1
of technical skill and rare depth	1
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs	0
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	1
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written	1
of cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
mundane '70s disaster flick	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid	1
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn	1
visually engrossing	1
brand name	1
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs	1
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry	1
starts with a legend	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that	0
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	0
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
her pale , dark beauty and	1
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us	1
relegated to a dark video store corner	0
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	1
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny	0
an enjoyable comedy	1
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks	0
's also not very good	0
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	0
is far from disappointing	1
a coherent whole	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	0
the worst films of 2002	0
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and	1
is one helluva singer	1
does steven seagal come across these days ?	0
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season	1
made with an enormous amount of affection	1
will turn out	1
stinks	0
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart	1
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written	1
, it 's not very good either .	0
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
stale first act , scrooge story	0
the computer and	1
a tarantino movie with heart	1
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits	0
juvenile	0
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side	1
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal	1
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream	0
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
tawdry b-movie scum	0
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus	0
than anything that 's been done before	1
sexually explicit	0
of ' a nightmare	0
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
fast-moving and	1
of obnoxious	0
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment	0
as crisp and to the point	1
it turns out to be affected and boring	0
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories	1
foremost cinematic poet	1
is wickedly fun	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity	1
of ineptly	0
the soullessness	0
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago	0
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	0
is n't as compelling or as believable	0
not smart and not engaging	0
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	1
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .	0
transcendent love story	1
the audience award	1
engaging and	1
archly funny	1
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly	1
turn bill paxton into an a-list director	1
truly excellent	1
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement	0
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean	0
are anguished , bitter and truthful	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already	0
is weak .	0
same easy targets	0
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
is recognizably plympton	1
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place	0
the resourceful amnesiac	0
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters	0
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story	1
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
of an impression	1
luscious	1
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story	0
fuel our best achievements and other times	1
great scares and	1
becomes compulsively watchable	1
of creative belly laughs	1
innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
involving in its bold presentation	1
is an earnest study in despair	1
by storm	1
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
warm as it is wise	1
of the oscar wilde play	1
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
is nearly incoherent ,	0
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade	0
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	1
stirring visual sequence	1
plot , characters ,	1
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
wide-eyed	1
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	0
that even in sorrow you can find humor	1
measured or polished	1
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience	0
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances	1
of ( woo 's ) best work	1
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch	1
is a failure	0
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
vaporize from your memory minutes	0
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time	1
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances	0
of exceptional honesty	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and	0
is tenderly observant of his characters	1
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
me no lika da accents so good , but	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling	1
objective documentary	1
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	1
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters	1
his sly , intricate magic	1
imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial	1
noble failure .	0
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life	1
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love	1
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .	0
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians	1
not just unlikable .	0
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the	1
some good , organic character work	1
is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
too narrow to attract crossover viewers	0
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
be an important movie , or even a good one	1
a spark of its own	1
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach	1
interested	1
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )	1
is duly impressive in imax dimensions ,	1
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	1
of high art	1
hell-jaunt purists	0
well-characterized	1
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	0
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	1
clumsy dialogue	0
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form	1
are mesmerizing	1
troubling and	0
the dead ( water ) weight of the other	0
interestingly	1
rich with human events	1
of its inventiveness	1
best actor	1
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death	0
you should see this movie	1
superfluous sequel	0
bad action-movie line	0
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in	1
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they	1
i like this movie a lot .	1
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	0
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime	1
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	1
a wonderous accomplishment	1
daughter	1
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )	0
shapeless inconsequential move	0
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action	0
very moving and revelatory	1
's well worth	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen	0
exuberantly	1
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	0
truly egregious	0
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
, the movie is in a class by itself	1
bisset	1
entertaining and	1
a sense of wonder	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor	0
has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
lousy direction	0
least favorite	0
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life	1
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
surprisingly affecting	1
are based on stock clichés	0
bad run	0
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another	0
she 's a pretty woman	1
dying for this kind of entertainment	1
intrepid	1
damon/bourne or	1
winning and wildly fascinating work	1
laughably unconvincing	0
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	1
ca n't go wrong	1
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .	1
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination	0
admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
more forced than usual	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and	1
the film is competent	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy	1
you find comfort in familiarity	1
first lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
drawn-out	0
as director of the escort service was inspired	1
described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	1
this emotional car-wreck	0
plenty to offend everyone	0
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
, endearing	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing	1
you feel what they feel	1
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out	1
tired ,	0
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	0
self-consciously arty	0
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
any fiction	1
surprisingly	1
the comic elements of the premise	1
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	1
get it	1
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances	0
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent	0
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm	1
smug grin	0
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year	1
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	0
on cotton candy	1
enervating	0
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
a tired one	0
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick	0
of moral compromise	1
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
good and ambitious film	1
hollywood frightfest	0
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	1
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
its utter sincerity	1
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	1
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal	1
exercise in style and mystification	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer	0
hop beat	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks	1
marvel again	1
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined	0
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film	1
its easily dismissive	0
may have expected to record with their mini dv	1
being stupid	0
teddy bears '	1
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters	1
most excruciating 86 minutes	0
tired stereotypes	0
wishy-washy	0
of the best next generation episodes	1
you love it	1
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family	0
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	1
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids	1
breathless anticipation	1
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
a sweet-tempered comedy	1
vulgarity , sex scenes	0
scripted	0
will talk about for hours	1
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people	0
angst-ridden	0
often demented in a good way ,	1
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man	1
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness	0
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events	1
it labors as storytelling .	0
is spot on	1
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little	0
, contrived sequels	0
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum	0
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines	0
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	0
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional	1
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
that 's enough to sustain laughs	1
revolutionary spirit	1
benefit enormously	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	0
degraded things	0
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	0
endlessly challenging	1
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life	0
relying on animation or dumb humor	0
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists	1
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true	1
a pleasant enough dish	1
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long	0
four hankies	1
if the suspense never rises to a higher level	0
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness ,	1
a complete waste of time	0
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
smugly	0
danish cows	1
his aversion	0
biographical melodramas	1
crummy	0
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music	0
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes	1
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	1
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest	1
proud	1
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work	0
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
really bad	0
inexperienced	0
is this so boring ?	0
clarity and audacity	1
have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
jackson is always watchable .	1
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters	0
chan 's uniqueness	1
like a term paper	0
heart and humor	1
his characters are acting horribly	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	0
wonderful fencing scenes	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur	0
touched	1
radioactive hair	1
increasingly amused	1
if it were any more of a turkey	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,	1
gusto	1
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles	0
a pretty good overall picture	1
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
stale and	0
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
the stylistic rigors	1
every family	1
simplistic and more than a little pretentious	0
from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen	1
seems contrived and secondhand	0
, deeply unsettling experience	0
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature	0
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude	1
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
the artsy and often pointless visuals	0
cheap junk and	0
horrifyingly , ever	0
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	0
like a glossy rehash	1
needed so badly	0
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
hideous	0
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody	1
genuine dramatic impact	1
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments	1
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun	0
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original	0
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
lumpen	0
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	1
skid-row	0
crack you up	1
that is masterly	1
a step further , richer and deeper	1
attraction and interdependence	1
watchable up until the point	0
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
are in place for a great film noir	1
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,	1
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow	0
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and	0
map thematically and stylistically , and	1
is priceless .	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	1
lose their luster	0
bored cage	0
it 's all bluster and cliché	0
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy	0
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment	1
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
north or south vietnamese	1
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight ,	0
insult	0
that 's because relatively nothing happens .	0
verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
classical	1
flamboyant female comics	1
of comedic bliss	1
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted	0
quite able	1
no affinity	0
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience	1
's what makes it worth a recommendation	1
than malle 's dud	1
compels	1
are often engaging	1
to flat characters	0
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,	1
riveting	1
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	1
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light	1
is visually dazzling	1
dreary movie .	0
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
against itself	1
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way	0
the tragedy beneath it	1
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
real human soul	1
immensely ambitious	1
willie would have loved it	1
he does this so well	1
is well done	1
is delightful in the central role	1
visualize schizophrenia	0
superhero	1
bugged me	0
film festival	1
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	1
smart , funny look	1
as sharp as the original	1
'd bother watching past the second commercial break	0
pretty damned wonderful	1
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
may have to keep on looking .	0
imaginatively	1
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
an inexplicable nightmare	0
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	0
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions	0
collective	1
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	1
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining	1
kiddie fantasy pablum	0
ripoff	0
someone going through the motions	0
cool visual backmasking	1
a treatise on spirituality	1
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back	0
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --	0
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking	1
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle	0
awful complications	0
works out	1
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless	0
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	1
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
the story 's undeniably hard to follow	0
consummate	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --	0
carefully choreographed	1
the abyss	0
an admirable ,	1
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	0
a soulless jumble of ineptly	0
its provocative conclusion	1
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire	1
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	0
the basic flaws in his vision	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
it looks good , but it is essentially empty	0
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets	0
stock character camp	0
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema	1
very effective	1
is virtually absent	0
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	0
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	1
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in	0
are sweet and believable	1
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable	1
sharp , amusing study	1
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad	0
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks	0
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu	0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
you laugh once ( maybe twice )	0
self-promotion	0
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl	0
with the weak payoff	0
more repulsive	0
badly-rendered cgi effects	0
damn fine	1
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .	0
create images you wish you had n't seen	0
hot	1
sedate	0
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain	0
climax and , worst of all	0
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''	0
but it was n't horrible either .	1
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
camera movements	1
worthy predecessors	1
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	1
quite fun	1
secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
a bore	0
logical , unforced continuation	1
jackass '' fan	1
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
funny and touching	1
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie	1
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity	0
cloying messages and irksome characters	0
` refreshing	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,	0
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination	1
crime drama	0
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .	0
so stupid	0
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller	0
plotless	0
of high hilarity	1
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships	1
they do n't fit well together	0
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	0
freakish	1
trapped	0
look like cheap hysterics	0
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways	0
about the plight of american indians in modern america	1
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	1
some very good acting ,	1
just two of the elements that will grab you	1
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	0
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making	0
its charm	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	0
husband-and-wife disaster	0
the most brilliant work	1
seems to have recharged him .	1
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and	0
lost dreams	0
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy	0
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick	1
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
an empty shell	0
through some of clancy 's holes	1
not number 1	0
how sandler is losing his touch	0
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film	1
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
-- and deeply appealing --	1
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
admirable rigor	1
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
of the worst films of 2002	0
smart , funny	1
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints	0
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
written so well	1
ordinary	0
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them	1
a brief amount	1
is as bad at it is cruel	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
enough substance	1
lack contrast	0
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor	0
further sad evidence	0
tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
creative film	1
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	0
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
a bad taste in your mouth and questions	0
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role	1
submerged here ,	1
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
manipulative and	0
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .	1
inhuman	0
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters	0
imax cinema	1
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	1
too bland and	0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story	0
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	0
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
he 's well worth spending some time with	1
the self-serious equilibrium	0
loneliest dark spots	0
keeps this pretty watchable ,	1
in its yearning for the days	0
respectable new one	1
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them	0
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him	1
part biography , part entertainment and	1
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience	1
a worthwhile environmental message	1
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it	1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	0
an absurdly simplistic picture	0
chance to find love in the most unlikely place	1
a good and ambitious film	1
have been the ultimate imax trip	1
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
, heart-felt drama	1
is still quite good-natured	1
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
mature and frank fashion	1
of true inspiration	1
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	0
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
bother thinking it all through	0
loads of cgi and bushels of violence	0
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
this good	1
properly intense , claustrophobic tale	1
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	1
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
( the film ) works	1
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s	1
contorting itself into an idea of expectation	0
a nice little story	1
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	1
this is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
, i enjoyed it just as much !	1
a good race	1
the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness	0
devolves into a laugh-free lecture	0
chilling , and affecting	1
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring	1
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic	1
succeeds in entertaining	1
to the illogic of its characters	0
every bit as fascinating	1
the bad sound	0
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and	0
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
not a word of english	0
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	1
as boring	0
funny , moving	1
its own languorous charm	1
strange and beautiful film .	1
slurs	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts	0
pummel us	0
so much first-rate talent	1
picture-perfect	1
is such a sweet and sexy film	1
these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images	1
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
grows thin	0
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
reflect	1
the occasional bursts of sharp writing	1
of musical passion	1
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine	1
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	0
ultimately disappoint the action	0
a sad , sordid universe	0
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and	1
nifty	1
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
are quite touching	1
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability	0
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull	0
crassly flamboyant	0
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	0
kids	1
is just sooooo tired	0
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders	0
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	1
good-time	1
share	1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	0
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
to cheesier to cheesiest	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten	0
top-notch cast	1
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ,	0
searing performances	1
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
it is a remarkably original work .	1
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .	0
'll see a better thriller this year	0
one-star rating	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;	0
a failure of storytelling	0
heart-warming	1
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp	1
a spoof comedy	1
absurdist wit	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection	1
victorious revolutionaries	1
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
entertaining and informative	1
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	0
rounded and revealing	1
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
call me a cynic ,	0
with a bouncy score	1
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	1
high-adrenaline documentary	1
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year	0
poor remake	0
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --	0
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
illustrated by a winning family story .	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood	1
sexiness	1
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix	0
still want my money back .	0
much colorful eye candy	1
a thought-provoking picture .	1
into by-the-numbers territory	0
to conceive anyone else in their roles	1
feels counterproductive	0
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity	1
felt fantasy of a director 's travel	1
reinvigorated	1
boring movie	0
few points	0
the film 's needlessly opaque intro	0
such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me	1
is even better than the fellowship .	1
the viewer 's patience	0
slopped `	0
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	0
great impression	1
're in luck .	1
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering	0
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,	1
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy	1
most daring ,	1
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	1
generally smart	1
dashing and resourceful hero	1
is gratefully received	1
'll have a good time with this one too	1
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
an extremely unpleasant film	0
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	0
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
silly beyond comprehension	0
sweet time building	1
, directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
a domestic melodrama	1
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort	0
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	0
its face	1
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
, imaginative kid 's movie	1
to be had from films crammed with movie references	0
high-concept	1
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over	0
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that	1
is nothing redeeming about this movie	0
the humor wry and	1
amateurish , quasi-improvised	0
funniest and most likeable movie in years	1
stop buying tickets to these movies	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure	1
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	0
a low rate annie	0
intricately structured and well-realized	1
an 88-minute rip-off	0
with steven seagal	1
much colorful	1
something fresh to say	1
bratty for sympathy	0
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis	1
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	0
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past	1
earnest moment	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and	1
dead ( water ) weight	0
the trifecta of badness	0
miscalculation	0
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	1
that could have been much better	0
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap	0
obviously desired	1
frequently hilarious	1
in a dysfunctional family	0
the predictability	0
he 's willing to express his convictions	1
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones	1
his penchant	1
intelligent observations	1
post-war art world	1
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances	1
winning portrayal	1
-- being real --	1
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series	1
funny feast	1
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama	1
the talents of its attractive young leads	1
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary	0
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	0
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	0
messy and frustrating	0
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess	0
a well-made evocation	1
fresh again	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful	1
star performance	1
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike	1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...	1
is too short	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio	0
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
shame	0
unbearably lame .	0
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .	1
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film	0
shallow and glib	0
's not just a feel-good movie	1
it an exhilarating	1
is often preachy and	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,	0
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
sappy and amateurish	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie	1
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually	1
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
induce sleep than fright	0
intolerable	0
just two	1
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull	0
incurably	0
's `	1
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film	1
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic	0
'll probably love it .	1
so warm and fuzzy	1
bisset is both convincing and radiant	1
fun in this cinematic sandbox	1
need of a scented bath	0
bogs down in genre cliches	0
most immediate and most obvious pleasure	1
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
gorgeous to look at but	1
endearing , masterful	1
falls down	0
pretty	1
an encouraging new direction for la salle	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close	1
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent	0
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
mean-spirited lashing	0
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity	0
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry	0
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,	1
mixed up	0
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline	1
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	1
mopping up	1
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story	0
the movie 's charm	1
her feature film	1
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
it works	1
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	0
string together enough charming moments to work	1
stirs us as well	1
surprisingly idealistic	1
a good cast	1
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	1
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
beguiling	1
, stay away .	0
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	0
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
impeccable comic timing ,	1
characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
eye-popping visuals	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine	1
it is flawed	0
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it	0
be better to wait for the video	0
interesting social	1
jealous	0
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	0
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie	0
director michael cacoyannis	1
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless	0
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic	0
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help	1
hilariously , gloriously alive ,	1
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	1
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle	0
a listless and desultory affair	0
wasted minutes of sandler	0
flashes of mordant humor	1
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
the unmentionable	0
smile-button	1
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth	1
clever and	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	1
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002	0
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate	1
funnybone	1
is sincere	1
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
in this pretentious mess	0
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire	1
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films	1
poor editing ,	0
a decomposition	0
real documentary	1
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself	0
intrigue	1
, you 're in luck .	1
bad reviews	0
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic	0
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor	0
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
this dubious product	0
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing	1
and crude storyline	0
like arnold schwarzenegger	1
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .	0
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time	1
its weaknesses	0
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	0
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	0
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
in which the script and characters hold sway	1
simply	1
plotting and mindless action	0
fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement	1
chicanery and self-delusion	0
predictable , manipulative stinker	0
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	1
bittersweet camaraderie and history	1
intense , claustrophobic	0
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	0
slightly humorous and tender	1
what a thrill ride	1
his most sparkling	1
a slap-happy series	1
certainly	1
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
the only winner	1
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world	1
's worth taking the kids to .	1
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl	1
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say	0
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
if i stay positive	1
too simplistic to maintain interest	0
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	0
make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor	0
does n't bode well for the rest of it	0
is strictly routine	0
stitch	0
to make the formula feel fresh	1
richly	1
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
is n't really about anything .	0
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way	0
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
small but rewarding comedy	1
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further	1
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	0
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	1
this sucker	0
is a film living far too much in its own head .	0
shot all the way .	1
to a spectacular completion one	1
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
fiercely intelligent	1
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight ,	1
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school	0
the awfulness of the movie	0
the grossest movie	0
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances	1
fanciful direction	1
such a dependable concept was botched in execution	0
affectionately	1
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and	0
classic movie franchise	1
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
otherwise appalling , and	0
a solid and refined piece	1
a spirited film	1
's back in form ,	1
portrayals	0
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
it --	1
hard-sell image-mongering	0
of the most original american productions this year	1
making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast	1
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable	0
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
quite rich and exciting	1
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid	0
too smug	0
on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	1
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold	1
slow down	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,	1
well-rounded	1
curiously stylized	1
enthusiastically	1
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
the earnestness	1
was so endlessly , grotesquely	0
embellished by editing	1
this engaging mix	1
a visually stunning rumination	1
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway	0
ample	1
an intriguing species	1
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	0
this delightful comedy	1
makes us believe she is kahlo	1
a beautifully	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	1
nutty cliches and far too much	0
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness	1
'll probably run out screaming .	0
uneasy bonds	0
's like an all-star salute	1
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
well-crafted film	1
talent	1
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream	0
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
tense	0
overrun	0
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
unwary viewers	0
for true fans	1
quirky characters , odd situations , and	1
most of his budget	0
worshipful	1
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs	1
sorriest	0
all the way to the credits	1
a sexy , surprising romance ...	1
when she should be building suspense	0
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should	1
phrase ` life affirming '	1
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	0
african american professionals	1
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch	0
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '	1
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack	1
is ingenious fun .	1
grows thin soon	0
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time	0
faltering	0
engrossing melodrama	1
a skillful filmmaker	1
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation	1
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	1
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational ,	1
a strangely	0
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel	0
the gross-out comedy	0
the worst	0
enough to keep men	1
that stands a good chance of being the big	1
oozes craft .	1
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	1
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
especially charm	1
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio	0
behind the project	1
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies	1
enlightening , insightful and entertaining	1
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s.	1
immaculately	1
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting	0
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
us plenty of sturm	1
was a freshman fluke	0
commands attention .	1
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious	0
drop dead gorgeous	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that	1
pseudo-intellectual kid	0
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
pretends to be passionate and truthful but	0
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
properly spooky	1
a high-end john hughes comedy	1
the original hit movie	1
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair	0
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary	1
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere	0
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff	0
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
of a great one	1
the point of ridiculousness	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style	1
're drawn in by the dark luster	1
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span	0
of an already obscure demographic	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours	1
real shame	0
sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
always the prettiest pictures	1
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year	1
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .	0
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
throw each other out windows	0
takes its central idea way too seriously	0
have a reasonably good time with the salton sea	1
depleted	0
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo	1
face arrest 15 years after their crime	0
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated	0
the act is still charming here .	1
a lot more bluster than bite	0
heartfelt	1
damaged	0
long for the end credits	0
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion	1
that gets under your skin	1
long , dull procession	0
was beginning to hate it	0
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off	0
thanks to the presence	1
a matinee price	1
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 ,	0
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame	1
dave barry 's popular book of the same name	1
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	1
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
his audience an epiphany	1
sanctimonious	0
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon	0
that a life like this can sound so dull	0
call the ` wow ' factor	1
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .	0
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline	0
loses its overall sense of mystery and	0
fustily tasteful	1
rejected	0
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence	1
into elaborate choreography	1
reaction	1
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
plain dumb	0
that 's been done before	0
heartening	1
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance	1
dull-witted	0
sloppiness	0
heart and unsettling subject matter	1
it is that it does n't give a damn .	0
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
delightfully charming -- and totally american	1
characteristic style	1
amounts to surprisingly little	0
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	1
you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is	0
ben affleck	1
at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life	1
unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and	1
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	1
genuinely bone-chilling	1
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction	0
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe	0
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
sketchy but nevertheless	0
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot	0
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
fanciful thinkers	1
that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images	1
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort	1
predictable rehash	0
this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative	0
friday after next	1
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out	1
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
storytelling	1
rough-hewn vanity project	0
not smart	0
say nothing of boring	0
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film	0
the familiar topic of office politics	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...	1
shining	1
an uncomfortable experience ,	0
reggio 's	1
deserves a look	1
sound so dull	0
succeeded only in making me groggy .	1
the charms of the lead performances	1
a predictable connect-the-dots course	0
real characters	1
into a future they wo n't much care about	0
entertained	1
trying to please his mom	1
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
the director 's experiment	1
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics	0
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it	1
vivid characters	1
sharp script	1
the first movie	1
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
meandering , low on energy	0
, miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .	0
to document all this emotional misery	0
car chase	1
a dazzling dream	1
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies	0
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry	0
surprising highs ,	1
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and	1
a really cool bit	1
, memorable cinematic experience	1
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	0
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
would be better as a diary or documentary	0
's pauly shore awful	0
star-power potential	1
lacks the detail of the book	0
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy	1
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
's more enjoyable than i expected	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie	0
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies	1
like mere splashing around	0
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies	0
to the energetic and always surprising performance	1
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) ,	1
not good enough	0
a been-there ,	0
difficult and	0
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
unequivocally	1
stultifyingly obvious	0
i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
the action and special effects	1
lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly	0
with flabby rolls	0
of its lurid fiction	1
here is unusually tame	0
works on some levels	1
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
imax in short	1
a fully developed story	1
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you	1
an engaging fantasy	1
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up	1
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	1
spontaneous creativity	1
comedy genre	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
most genuinely sweet	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
not-so-funny gags	0
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds	1
the similarly ill-timed antitrust	0
families and church meetings	1
an action hero with table manners ,	1
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,	0
energizing	1
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen	0
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .	1
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream	1
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier	0
the way home	1
the good fight	1
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
the perkiness	1
a wildly inventive mixture	1
little $ 1.8 million charmer	1
is generally light enough	1
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism	0
sword-and-sorcery plot	1
artificial structure	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple	1
rates as an exceptional thriller	1
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned	1
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is	1
rich and sudden	1
that it 's impossible to care	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry --	1
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness	0
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
depressed about anything before watching this film	0
an energizing ,	1
gathering dust	0
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo	0
of tastelessness and gall	0
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over	1
what i saw , i enjoyed .	1
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior	0
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes	1
stupid	0
dimming	0
's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts )	1
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	0
stupid and pointless	0
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity	1
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
hilarious place to visit	1
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
cliche-ridden film	0
a consummate actor	1
grant 's two best films	1
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture	1
that there 's really not much of a sense of action	0
be compelling , amusing and unsettling	1
caricature	0
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography	0
terminally bland ,	1
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
imagine acting that could be any flatter	0
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film	1
for purposes of bland hollywood romance	0
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes	1
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
impressive and highly entertaining	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage	1
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
rambles aimlessly	0
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
ramble	0
works on no level whatsoever for me	0
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe	0
an unexpectedly sweet story	1
strong voices	1
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy	1
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	0
no good inside dope , and	0
repulsive	0
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy	1
depressing story	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience	1
smart ,	1
fascinating profile	1
something purer	1
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro	1
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable	0
has several strong performances	1
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	0
helluva singer	1
since beauty and the beast	1
the best disney movie	1
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud ,	1
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows	0
sit through crap like this	0
as the long-faced sad sack	0
a true talent	1
insufferably naive .	0
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .	0
scum	0
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig	1
more fascinating -- being real --	1
a well-deserved reputation as one	1
moore wonderfully	1
ca n't miss it .	1
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material	1
, intelligent eyes	1
carvey 's considerable talents	1
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	1
exceedingly memorable	1
on subtle ironies and visual devices	1
genuine love story	1
it is n't much fun .	0
10,000	1
too simple and	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
makes it worth a recommendation	1
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments	0
give credit to affleck	1
terrifying angst	0
home	1
pushing the jokes at the expense of character	0
pity anyone who sees this	0
the most watchable film	1
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	1
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one	1
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but	0
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination	1
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me	1
remarkably assured	1
3-d	0
as good a job as anyone	1
movie nothing	0
captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	1
most mornings	1
ends up sounding like satire	0
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit	1
of the plot ` surprises '	1
cancer	0
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
enjoyable undercover brother	1
falls far short	0
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem	1
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face	1
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
... is dudsville .	0
( depending upon where you live )	1
the filmmakers were worried	0
local flavor	1
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige	0
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized	0
pinheads who talk throughout the show .	0
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	0
of love , family and all that	1
the dialogue frequently misses the mark	0
cleverly	1
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	1
what can easily be considered career-best performances	1
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
authentically vague	0
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	0
the best advice	1
transcends ethnic lines .	0
's a bargain-basement european pickup	0
just unlikable .	0
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
a handful of virtuosic set pieces	1
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	0
convincing characters	1
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines	0
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
history in perspective	1
got to my inner nine-year-old	1
is such a mesmerizing one	1
with morality	1
explicit	1
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable	0
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition	0
a summer of good stuff	1
an auspicious feature debut for chaiken	1
profoundly devastating events	0
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding	0
quite fun in places	1
the piano teacher	1
plotting	1
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
the extent to which it succeeds	1
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
a friend	1
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
too bland to be interesting	0
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
with no signs of life	0
a family film	1
so different from the apple and so striking	1
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie	0
for a painful ride	0
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard .	0
as darkly funny , energetic	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
takes every potential laugh and	1
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in	1
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home	0
twice as powerful	1
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	1
dramatic and emotional pull	1
slightly less successful	0
takes itself all too seriously	0
extravaganza	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	0
an emotional edge	1
beckons us all	1
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace	1
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
hitchcockian suspense	1
downright transparent	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions	1
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode	0
has plenty of laughs	1
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing	0
a morbid one	0
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems	0
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious	1
in as flat	0
` hip '	1
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction	1
a romantic comedy	1
is so incredibly inane	0
propelled by the acting	1
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
provoked to intolerable levels	0
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution	1
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters	1
do n't even like their characters .	0
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film	1
muddled and	0
losin ' his fan base	0
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
does its predecessors proud .	1
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
the visual panache , the comic touch ,	1
road to perdition does display greatness	1
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
good to be bad	1
thoroughly overbearing	0
the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,	0
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time	0
artistic	1
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes	0
the costuming of the stars	1
turn it off	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough	1
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box	1
sweet and memorable film	1
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and ,	0
credit director ramsay	1
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	0
tits	1
parapsychological	1
deftly captures	1
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived	1
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --	0
unique way shainberg	1
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant	0
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire	0
'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
rigid and	0
leaving the theater	0
out of a cellular phone commercial	0
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
fully ` rendered '	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does	0
to be bad	0
graham greene 's novel	1
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears	0
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
an intriguing and alluring premise	1
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
it irrigates our souls .	1
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky	0
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is	0
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny	1
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
speaks volumes	1
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen	1
springing	1
stay	1
her tragedies	0
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human	1
both ugly and mindless	0
authenticate her british persona	1
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing )	1
wise folks that they are	1
it pretends to investigate	0
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
arresting little ride	1
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting	1
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director	1
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line	0
the shabby digital photography	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `	0
parental units	1
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational	1
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs	1
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	0
to see how far herzog has fallen	0
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot	1
its love of life and beauty	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company	0
exhilarating	1
affectation	1
this much imagination and	1
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck	1
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start	1
fairy-tale conclusion	1
is a big time stinker .	0
intensely romantic	1
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life	0
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience	1
ultimately losing cause	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie	0
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations	0
rising star jake gyllenhaal	1
peril	1
compelling and	1
a worthwhile glimpse	1
did n't laugh .	0
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
their own comfortable niche	1
a knockout of a closing line	1
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,	0
forget about it by monday	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie	0
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you	1
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way	0
is equally hackneyed	0
sucks .	0
boys '	1
grandness	1
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten	1
skip this turd and	0
the predictability of bland comfort food	0
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it )	1
intermittently wise	1
one-sidedness	0
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt	1
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .	0
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises	0
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half	0
laughs and not the last time	1
goes by quickly	1
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago	1
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers	0
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	0
've seen it all before	0
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	0
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	0
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull	0
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
have saved this film a world of hurt	1
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm	0
these characters become wearisome .	0
tries its best	1
its characters and its audience	1
the script and characters hold sway	1
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet	0
great marching bands	1
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	0
pure composition	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter	1
who die hideously	0
know what it wants to be	1
, energetic and sweetly whimsical	1
you could hate it for the same reason .	0
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
you will probably like it .	1
her nomination as best actress even more	1
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry	0
gives everyone something to shout about .	1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
one of the best gay love stories	1
sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
little less bling-bling and a lot more	0
continues .	1
seems a bit on the skinny side	0
people have lost the ability to think	0
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters	1
is muted	0
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
scary-funny	1
the u.s.	1
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
the unexplored story opportunities	1
appeal to asian cult cinema fans	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow	1
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material	0
from each film	1
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard	0
the city 's old-world charm	1
embodies the transformation of his character completely .	1
worst kind	0
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch	1
anti-	0
privileged moments and	1
true and heartbreaking	1
stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
the awe	1
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
remains undiminished	1
a wonderful account to work from	1
a depressing story	0
formulaic and forgettable	0
was botched in execution	0
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	0
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
ever knew about generating suspense	1
the first mistake	0
routine action and jokes like this	0
is : ` scooby ' do n't	0
plotless collection of moronic stunts	0
to hell	0
heard before	1
the film 's considerable charm	1
fanciful	1
, the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	1
moving tragedy	1
that it looks neat	1
well-crafted family film	1
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for	1
innovation	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	1
tasteful to look at	1
its true-to-life characters ,	1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
alive and admirable	1
natural , even-flowing tone	1
the tortured husband	0
funny and human and	1
a little fleeing of its own	0
very enjoyable	1
perfectly rendered	1
it 's one tough rock .	1
brushes	1
as warm as it is wise	1
everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art	1
paranoia	0
uplifting and moving	1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	1
an absolute delight	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	0
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and	0
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	0
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	1
estranged	0
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen	0
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker	1
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach	0
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact	0
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii	1
, funnier .	1
deliberately and skillfully uses	1
wiseman 's warmest	1
various amusing sidekicks	1
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but	0
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes	1
large rewards	1
i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	1
your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula	1
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you	1
sparkling beauty	1
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism	0
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded	1
directed without the expected flair or imagination	0
morbid one	0
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining	0
of laughs	1
compelling and horrifying story	1
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement	1
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch	0
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and	0
a bad day	0
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter	1
to the bitter end	0
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
a downward narcotized spiral	0
makes a nice album	1
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	0
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
visually atrocious	0
rapt spell	1
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
than a worthwhile effort	1
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row	0
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish	1
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	0
have been a painless time-killer	1
schlocky horror/action hybrid	0
hip comedy	1
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
you doze off thirty minutes into the film	0
of a good cast	1
did n't mean much to me and	0
an avid interest	1
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	1
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	0
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least	0
was n't one of the film 's virtues .	0
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation	1
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	1
a great piece	1
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	1
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn	1
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end	1
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks	1
barlow	0
it will just as likely make you weep ,	1
compassionate	1
what the movie lacks in action	0
verve and fun	1
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer	0
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net	1
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
refuses to evaluate his own work	0
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song	0
kind of an authentic feel	1
unadorned	0
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy	0
murphy 's expert comic timing	1
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation	1
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
disoriented but occasionally	0
some of the back-story is a little tired	0
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story	1
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression	0
what makes it worth the trip to the theater	1
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre	1
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	0
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies	1
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 '	1
could n't stand to hear	0
inspirational love story	1
peevish and gimmicky	0
that rare movie that works on any number of levels	1
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
worked five years ago	0
... visually striking and slickly staged	1
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )	0
ranges from bad	0
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap	1
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	1
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart	1
that deserves more than a passing twinkle	1
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .	1
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
have no idea what in creation is going on	0
bon appétit !	1
inescapably gorgeous ,	1
clichéd and	0
well-intentioned effort	1
stuttering editing and pompous references	0
well integrated	1
an inexplicable nightmare ,	0
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment	1
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
for juicy roles	1
makes it a comic book with soul	1
, it 's just another sports drama/character study .	0
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it	0
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor	0
extensive post-production	1
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
engaging ,	1
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	0
a film that comes along every day .	0
the stale plot and pornographic way	0
they succeed	1
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat	1
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line	0
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
shapeless and	0
suckers	0
is handsome	1
enjoyable randomness	1
amazing !	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious	1
kwan 's unique directing style	1
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	0
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience	1
is this bad on purpose	0
for the most part , credible	1
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	1
better thriller	1
, difficult and sad	0
to keep this from being a complete waste of time	0
dialogue and sharp	1
do better elsewhere	0
dazzling	1
feel-good sentiments	1
delicately calibrated in tone	1
retread story	0
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	0
succumbs to sensationalism	1
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin	1
negativity	0
perception , conviction	1
a bad idea from frame one	0
not quite	0
true to its animatronic roots :	1
chopsocky	0
funny , charming and quirky	1
surprisingly uninvolving	0
the ideal casting	1
carmen ( vega ) and	1
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
a bracing	1
no point	0
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
is honestly	1
unexplainable pain	0
style massacres erupt throughout	0
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
an engaging and exciting narrative	1
in marriage	1
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else	0
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin	0
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
inane	0
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year	1
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
audience-pleaser	1
smeary and blurry	0
commanding screen presence	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --	0
camouflage how bad his movie is	0
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer	0
gloriously goofy way	1
said the film was better than saving private ryan .	1
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay	1
grey zone	0
its own quirky hipness	1
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings	1
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe	0
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films	1
of empathy for its characters	1
is capped with pointless extremes	0
like a good guy	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy	0
most third-rate horror sequels	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	1
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly	1
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
visually dazzling	1
never fails to entertain	1
needs more impressionistic	0
sillier , cuter , and	1
sweet gentle jesus	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other	1
of love and humility	1
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
a great writer and dubious human being	1
is too blatant	0
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise	0
with raw urban humor	1
upfront that the plot makes no sense	0
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and	1
know a star	1
his sentimental journey	1
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise	1
the aaa of action	1
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
loquacious and dreary piece	0
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
even its target audience talked all the way through it	0
of awe	1
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
cold fish	0
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises	0
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	1
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	1
phoney-feeling sentiment	0
bogs	0
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	1
heartily sick	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc	0
offend	0
a sketchy work-in-progress	0
charming and	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool	0
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful	1
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
` praise the lord	1
if good-hearted	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination ,	1
desperate for the evening to end	0
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	0
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
dubious	0
the theme does n't drag an audience down	1
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	1
of the guru who helped	1
still could have been room for the war scenes	0
would go back and choose to skip it .	0
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it	1
in rapt attention	1
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect	0
silly , outrageous , ingenious	1
enthusiastic	1
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
quietly affecting cop drama	1
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story	1
the problem with wendigo ,	0
realized the harsh reality of my situation	0
of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
well-done	1
a sucker	0
unrelentingly grim	0
of an especially well-executed television movie	1
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone	1
fantastically vital	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions	1
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring	1
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
the plot grows thin soon	0
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5	0
no steve martin	0
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	1
dreadful day	0
most creative , energetic and original	1
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise	0
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned .	0
bronze	1
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	0
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	0
the director 's	1
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast	1
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
of discovery	1
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell	0
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	0
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy	0
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
their heroic capacity	1
even sexy	1
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
it look like a masterpiece	1
play hannibal lecter	1
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	1
breezy , distracted rhythms	0
refreshingly unhibited	1
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts	1
the extensive use of stock footage	0
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
is a little scattered -- ditsy	0
liveliness	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,	0
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
good cast	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
the el cheapo margaritas	0
the acting is just fine ,	1
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
great director	1
under-rehearsed and	0
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	1
an impossible spot	1
inane ramblings	0
offers an unexpected window	1
has no point	0
's pathetic	0
simply a re-hash of the other seven films	0
watchable up	1
by a gritty style and an excellent cast	1
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension	1
whether or not	0
hold society in place	1
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy	0
only in making me groggy	0
the franchise 's best years are long past	0
elegant and	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement	1
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride	1
raw comic energy	1
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and	0
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	0
seem tired and ,	0
's not nearly enough	0
too blatant	0
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points	0
a terrible adaptation	0
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
annoying orgy	0
own preciousness	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her	1
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs	0
a welcome , if downbeat , missive	1
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency	0
this emotional misery	0
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	1
88-minute rip-off	0
decisive	1
hitting the audience over the head with a moral	0
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race	1
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
as simple self-reflection meditation	1
sentimentalizing it	1
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations	0
visually unappealing	0
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
the lively appeal of the last kiss	1
-- and timely --	1
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill	1
preposterous , prurient whodunit	0
sentimental but entirely irresistible	1
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes	1
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
the humanity of its people	1
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
, the film is well worthwhile .	1
has considerable charm	1
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
the most interesting writer/directors	1
worse than you can imagine	0
eloquent ( meditation ) on death	1
remarkable piece	1
great over-the-top	1
politically audacious	1
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
derrida is all but useless	0
do a load of good	1
is somewhat satisfying	1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony	0
hooting	0
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,	0
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
with pitch-perfect acting	1
the suggested and the unknown	0
, shrek )	1
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	1
20 years apart	1
, i hate myself most mornings .	0
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ,	1
, splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
too little	0
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story	0
a staggeringly compelling character ,	1
without beauty or humor	0
the riveting performances	1
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message	1
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	1
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --	0
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema	1
filmed directly from a television monitor	0
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
a stirring visual sequence	1
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies	0
mythic status	1
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater	1
assumes you are n't very bright	0
by mediocrity	0
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
healing	1
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .	0
their charisma	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,	1
low-tech	0
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion	1
so heartwarmingly motivate	1
juicy	1
compellingly watchable .	1
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one	0
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits	1
is frustratingly unconvincing	0
a fiercely clever and subtle film ,	1
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness	0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime	0
moving portrait	1
the laughs	1
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play	0
that manages to invest real humor	1
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
prostituted muse	0
a sensitive , moving ,	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	1
well-thought stunts or a car chase	1
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism	1
achingly unfunny phonce	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	0
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
fan to appreciate scratch	1
tends to plod	0
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports	1
essentially juiceless	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue	0
handbag-clutching	1
joys	1
his latest effort ,	1
a psycho	0
heartwarming yarn	1
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
's endgame	1
rendered in as flat	0
yes , it 's as good as you remember .	1
introspective and	1
explore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure	1
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism	0
sophisticated , discerning taste	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and	0
soderbergh 's best films	1
masterpiece ' and ` triumph '	1
irrational , long-suffering but cruel	0
silliness and	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	0
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	1
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within	1
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
farcically	0
piffle	0
sensitive , cultivated treatment	1
artwork	1
is too bad	0
screen magic	1
, i hated myself in the morning .	0
has some of the best special effects ever	1
for all the wrong reasons besides .	0
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating	1
message-mongering moralism	0
troubled and	0
need to try very hard	0
wildly incompetent	0
hold up pretty well	1
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	0
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
for cryin '	1
commanding	1
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie	1
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
killer	0
extremely bad .	0
a giddy and provocative sexual	1
its compelling mix	1
of a truly magical movie	1
that should please history fans	1
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery	0
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is	1
happily	1
with a sickening thud	0
sex toys and offers	0
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	0
radiant	1
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
the biggest problem i have	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels	0
lost	0
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics	1
a sudden lunch rush	1
few things more frustrating to a film buff	0
flaws	0
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it	1
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue	1
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel	1
the opulent lushness of every scene	1
is n't as funny as it should be	0
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration	1
jovial air	1
were that grand a failure	0
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	1
never lacks in eye-popping visuals	1
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	0
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness	0
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
hate myself	0
intriguing , provocative stuff	1
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	1
most basic	1
of balto	1
at least a few good ideas and	1
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :	0
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue	0
you snore	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs	1
the chatter	1
does n't leave you with much .	0
chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study	1
is a real filmmaker	1
ridiculousness	0
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite	0
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor	1
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped	0
find it fascinating	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but	0
spreading	1
with this silly little puddle of a movie	0
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it	0
talked all the way through it	0
uplifting and	1
mentally `` superior '' friends	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home	0
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and	0
flirts with propaganda	0
the histrionic muse	0
heartwarming film	1
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie	0
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness	0
flavorless	0
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt	1
that does not move	0
`` project greenlight '' winner	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent	1
his boisterous energy	1
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel	0
a string of ensemble cast romances recently	1
same sledgehammer appeal	1
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	0
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film	1
a rare treat	1
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between	0
slovenly life	0
find much fascination in the swinging	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,	1
on , well , love in the time of money	1
nagging	0
it 's impossible to care who wins	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope	1
of narrative banality	0
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time	0
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man	1
sin	0
somewhat flawed ,	0
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	0
is a disaster .	0
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	1
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us	0
haunting tale	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little	0
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
romantic and serenely	1
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
reality drain	0
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient	0
has merit and	1
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	0
is quite beautiful	1
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes	0
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable	0
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours	0
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer	1
bottom-feeder	0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
the stories work and	1
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	1
allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938	0
unintentionally	1
comes off winningly	1
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing	1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part	1
by a legacy of abuse	0
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast	0
made a point or two regarding life	1
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
smartly written	1
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	0
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .	0
brilliant and brutal	1
with unexpected comedy	1
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
of humor , verve and fun	1
is dark , brooding and slow ,	0
goes for sick and demented humor simply	0
almost perpetually wasted	0
of its sweeping battle scenes	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	1
routine crime	0
take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper	0
loses	0
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff	0
anyone 's guess	0
the love of family	1
of predictable narrative rhythms	0
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic	0
beautiful work	1
screenplay or	1
frightful vanity film	0
blustery	0
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
full-bodied performance	1
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable	1
sketchy	0
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	0
this rush to profits	0
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks	0
makes for a touching love story	1
historically significant , and personal	1
intellectual and emotional pedigree	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr	1
the gutless direction by laurice guillen	0
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there	0
a mindless action movie	0
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona	0
gussied up	1
an enjoyable	1
smart and dark -	1
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
life 's wonderment	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking	1
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
been a hoot in a bad-movie way	0
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression	1
phenomenon	1
that tries too hard to be emotional	0
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	1
a high-minded snoozer .	0
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy	0
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does	1
when none of them are ever any good	0
truly revelatory about his psyche	1
sex	1
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
above-average	1
kinky fun	1
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening	0
quick-witted	1
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today	1
one big blustery movie	0
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison	0
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction	0
essentially a collection of bits --	0
a great premise but only a great premise	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place	0
a huge box-office	1
this movie sucks . '	0
romantic-comedy duds	0
ultimately worthwhile	1
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	0
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt )	0
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking	1
enhances the excellent performances	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	0
, you might want to check it out	1
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
a romance this smart	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but	0
does so without compromising that complexity	1
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
it might not be 1970s animation ,	0
pastel landscapes	1
you 'll regret	0
relentlessly nasty situations	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies	0
flair and bouncing bravado	1
grayish	0
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem	1
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
coordinated	1
natured	1
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	1
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things	1
collateral damage is trash , but	0
with amazing finesse	1
is n't heated properly ,	0
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
fails on its own	0
bad way	0
two directors with far less endearing disabilities	0
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
a complex psychological drama	1
liked by the people who can still give him work	1
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing	1
a weird , arresting little ride .	1
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
animal	1
is clearly a good thing .	1
comfort in familiarity	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,	0
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
the distinct and very welcome sense	1
in such a gloriously goofy way	1
exceptional thriller	1
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .	0
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again	1
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist	1
be rewarded with some fine acting	1
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story	1
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill	1
depressed fifteen-year-old 's	0
staggeringly compelling character	1
mean-spirited and wryly	0
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	1
nasty journey	0
rigor	0
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	1
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them	1
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
an equally miserable film	0
directed , barely ,	0
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	1
, provocative drama	1
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune	0
mixes in as much humor as pathos	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality	1
lightweight	0
a few zingers aside	1
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
of afghan tragedies	0
rate annie	1
is hilarious	1
off the page , and for the memorable character creations	1
thoughtfulness	1
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length	0
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to --	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man	1
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial	1
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
good guys and	1
only belly laughs	1
listless , witless , and devoid of anything	0
final , beautiful scene	1
vapid actor 's exercise	0
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half	0
won -- and wins still	1
overlong and	0
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	0
a nicely understated expression	1
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
comic touch	1
its awkward structure and a final veering	0
gimmicks	0
did we really need a remake of `` charade	0
, nothing good can happen	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and	1
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises	0
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie	0
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays	1
a weary journalist	0
is trash	0
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )	1
a wacky , screwball comedy	1
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
improved upon the first and	1
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy	0
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen	0
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass	1
heartbreak	0
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington	1
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly	0
good-hearted	1
wander about in thick clouds of denial	0
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow	0
and lesbian children	0
even more to think about after the final frame	1
to triumphantly sermonize	1
of the creative act	1
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places	0
most touching movie	1
a-list	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and	0
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon	1
a crucial third act miscalculation	0
japan bustling	1
other than fling gags at it	0
poignant and	1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic ,	1
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear	1
across as shallow and glib though	0
only a genius	0
groundbreaking	1
'll be rewarded with some fine acting	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience	1
home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
runs out of ideas	0
blast	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,	1
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating	1
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,	1
a genuine and singular artist	1
delightfully	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but	1
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
, cultivation and devotion	1
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	0
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves	0
is just too original to be ignored	1
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here	1
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other	0
of the worst movies of the year	0
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look	0
suffers through this film	0
with his talent	1
as if by cattle prod	0
, action-packed chiller	1
greatest date movies	1
xxx	0
have a story and a script	1
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
astonishing voice cast	1
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family	0
overmanipulative hollywood practices	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence	0
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground	0
of sharp writing	1
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity	1
devoted to the insanity of black	0
a more credible script ,	1
more colorful	1
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .	0
who loves both dance and cinema	1
foul up shum 's good intentions	0
becomes lifeless	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire	0
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	1
unique niche	1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	0
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	0
animation enthusiasts	1
is intelligently	1
sink this ` sub '	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
really solid	1
will probably be a talky bore .	0
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood	0
is at 22 a powerful young actor	1
not enough puff	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	1
flavorful performances	1
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
the power of spirits	1
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven	1
personal	1
a full experience ,	1
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
is icily brilliant	1
is a must !	1
a-list director	1
another key contribution	1
put through torture	0
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	0
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	1
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
holocaust literature	0
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
fun and funny in the middle , though	1
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
been astronomically bad	0
know the picture is in trouble .	0
not-at-all-good	0
amusements	1
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama	0
are funny .	1
directing with a sure and measured hand	1
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
painfully slow	0
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson	0
dogme	1
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness	1
admirable energy ,	1
auschwitz	0
( less a movie than )	0
as its own most damning censure	0
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
ca n't rescue this effort .	0
see this delightful comedy	1
you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for	1
shift	1
to an aimless hodgepodge	0
ruin	0
revitalize	1
, offering fine acting moments and pungent	1
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	0
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
endear itself	1
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
real psychological grounding	1
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	0
as a well-made evocation	1
junk-calorie suspense tropes	0
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )	1
crafty and	1
allegiance to chekhov	1
of clever ideas and visual gags	1
funny situations and	1
will forgive the flaws and love the film	1
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach	0
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags	1
at once both refreshingly different and	1
a barf bag	0
very compelling tale	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,	1
made swimfan anyway	1
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie	1
ultimate blame	0
a goofy pleasure	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm ,	1
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	0
sentimentality and annoying	0
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	0
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length	0
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action	1
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	1
although fairly involving as far as it goes	1
prepare	1
propulsive	1
disappointingly thin	0
in-depth portrait	1
remarkably original work	1
solid performances	1
the sentimental cliches	0
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	1
( and beautifully edited )	1
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism	1
it 's just grating	0
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	1
seen as hip , winking social commentary	1
beauty reeks	1
shines like a lonely beacon .	1
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
this stuck pig	0
with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
of the most repellent things	0
smirk	0
, visually graceful	1
the land	1
terminally bland , painfully slow	0
were a person	1
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes	0
a distinct rarity , and	1
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree	0
of a man with unimaginable demons	1
home alabama	1
the shallow sensationalism characteristic	0
the fierce grandeur	1
several plodding action sequences	0
best-sustained	1
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany	1
otherwise comic	1
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing	1
there is precious little of either .	0
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor	1
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer	1
misconstrued	0
a few evocative images	1
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel	1
it does n't leave you with much .	0
the cast is top-notch	1
ayurveda does the field no favors	0
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	1
underestimated charm	1
forceful drama	1
what enlivens this film	1
the spectacle	1
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes	1
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
drew to a close	1
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over	0
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care	0
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies --	1
it is nevertheless compelling	1
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness	1
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
a tribute to the power of women to heal	1
worth the effort	1
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material	1
that proceeds	1
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels	1
all manner of lame entertainment	0
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild	0
is intriguing	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other	1
the most memorable moment	1
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	0
one of the most repellent things	0
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )	0
love and familial	1
is a must for genre fans	1
down to mediocrity	0
surprisingly ` solid '	1
a few gut-busting laughs	1
poky	0
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
is pleasant enough	1
scenic	1
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
with big heart	1
this nervy oddity , like modern art	1
toss it	0
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects	0
a bit of heart	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself	1
properly spooky film	1
as a hole in the head	0
imagine having more fun watching a documentary	0
that makes it attractive throughout	1
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	0
, the film does hold up pretty well .	1
those with a modicum of patience	0
a rude black comedy	0
idealism american	1
by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap	0
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff	0
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally	0
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
into your heart	1
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate	1
nothing special and , until the final act ,	0
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	1
ambitious comic escapade	1
insightful discourse	1
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	0
a sardonic jolt	1
terrific to read about	1
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
suited neither to kids or adults	0
by sending the audience straight to hell	0
a quaint , romanticized rendering .	1
one of the best rock documentaries ever .	1
a marginal thumbs up	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,	0
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
to a satisfying destination	1
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen	0
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow	0
are worse	0
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible	1
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	1
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
exquisite , unfakable sense	1
exaggerated action	0
everlasting	1
expands	1
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby	0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
an unremittingly ugly movie	0
observant .	1
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
its recycled aspects	0
just how bad it was	0
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .	1
adams just copies from various sources --	0
strong and convincing	1
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
hideously and clumsily	0
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity	1
all end	1
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill	1
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it	0
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness	0
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma	1
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	0
inane and unimaginative	0
a riveting documentary .	1
strenuous	0
disappointingly generic nature	0
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair	1
's contrived and predictable	0
unforced comedy-drama	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering	0
both the beauty of the land and the people	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer	1
works well enough to make it worth watching	1
ever so gracefully --	1
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon	1
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
a.c. will help this movie one bit	1
outstanding	1
just die already	0
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby	0
charitable	1
surrounding us	1
a clever script and skilled actors	1
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .	0
of a happy ending	1
demonstrate their acting ` chops '	1
of impressive talent	1
is amateurish	0
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
you have no affinity for most of the characters .	0
comes off like a hallmark commercial	0
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
both damning and damned compelling .	1
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
unfaithful	0
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present	1
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way	1
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie	0
accomplished oscar winners	1
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable	1
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought	1
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything	0
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread	0
bucked the odds	1
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest	0
to surrealism and black comedy	1
this overproduced piece of dreck	0
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
looks wonderful	1
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	1
highest production values	1
a bright future	1
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic	0
special walk	1
complete	1
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
insipid script	0
grief drives her	0
the comic possibilities	1
is definitely horse feathers	0
textbook lives	1
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool	0
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
nutty , consistently funny .	1
the best sports movie i 've ever seen	1
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense	0
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	1
harsh reality	0
take on loss and loneliness	0
pleasures	1
scorsese 's bold images	1
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue	1
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	1
adam sandler assault	0
-- and far less crass	1
takes the most unexpected material	1
brave	1
perfect medium	1
balanced film	1
has no point and goes nowhere	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	0
being real	1
consumed and forgotten	0
is flat	0
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .	0
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival	1
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
succeed at cheapening it	0
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) ,	1
signature style	1
somewhat backhanded	0
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
implicitly	1
a long , unfunny one	0
of a typical american horror film	0
another wholly unnecessary addition	0
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
maintains suspense on different levels	1
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison	0
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants	0
precious new star wars movie	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul	0
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
steals so freely from other movies and	0
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes	0
there 's no real sense of suspense , and	0
so old-fashioned	0
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
one-sided documentary	0
cold ,	0
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke	0
it 's fun	1
so impersonal	0
impressive stagings	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply	1
concocted	0
barely makes it any less entertaining	1
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher	1
unerring	1
beneath otherwise tender movements	1
will wear thin on all	0
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	1
a wickedly undramatic central theme	0
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	1
a coma-like state	0
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke	1
provide its keenest pleasures	1
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
a laugh riot	1
fairly ludicrous	0
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos	1
possess the lack-of-attention span	0
hollow , self-indulgent ,	0
despite its sincere acting	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '	0
something for everyone	1
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration	0
a text to ` lick	1
fails to fascinate .	0
the cleverest	1
the consequences	0
a pretty good job	1
choreographed	1
rotting	0
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming	0
be called the best korean film of 2002	1
shrill and soporific , and because	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch	1
's all bluster and cliché	0
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited	0
feel fresh	1
essentially awkward version	0
its delightful cast	1
waldo salt screenwriting award	1
drag on	0
deep , uncompromising	1
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling	1
gaining most of its unsettling force	1
is loopy and ludicrous	0
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama	0
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,	1
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither	0
a good music documentary	1
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery	1
great crimes	1
director claude chabrol	1
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	0
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi	0
is a great film .	1
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	0
crypt	1
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant	0
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .	0
improves on it ,	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time	0
the belly laughs	1
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
what makes it worth a recommendation	1
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
embarrassed	0
is careless and unfocused .	0
otherwise talented	1
bottomlessly	0
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea	0
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
a thoroughly awful movie	0
sucked .	0
chance to prove his worth	1
wastes its time on mood rather than	0
is a remarkably original work	1
compelling new material	1
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time	1
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation	1
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror	1
sweetness	1
like a non-stop cry for attention	0
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point	1
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
the movie is loaded with good intentions	1
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and	1
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work	1
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and	1
a stylish exercise	1
in its lack of poetic frissons	0
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	0
-- even more damning --	0
deliver again and again	1
flawless film ,	1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
first real masterpiece	1
a more ambitious movie	1
the film 's crisp , unaffected style	1
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise	0
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	0
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks	1
pretty tattered	0
good little movie	1
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it	0
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
change hackneyed concepts	0
for no apparent reason except	0
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value	1
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
cruel	0
's a fun one .	1
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
doomed	0
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
thinking about going to see this movie	1
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses	1
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms	0
you can actually feel good	1
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder	1
new york metropolitan area	1
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
deepest tragedies	0
it 's a big idea	1
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up	0
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
to gravity and plummets	0
almost as offensive as `` freddy	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again ,	0
of a well-made pizza	1
is a whole lot of fun	1
shockingly bad	0
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
crash-and-bash	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...	0
astounding performance	1
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
technical achievement	1
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama	0
the movie is a trove of delights .	1
to great performances	1
honest attempt to get at something	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen ,	0
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production	0
are such a companionable couple	1
careless and	0
the charm of the first movie is still there	1
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
enveloping affection	1
as a numbingly dull experience	0
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran .	1
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution	0
multilayered	1
cheesier to cheesiest	0
making reference to other films and trying to be other films	0
violated	0
poignant and delicately	1
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
sinister inspiration	1
a heavy-handed indictment	0
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
heartfelt comedy	1
heroic	1
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away	1
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted	0
sit through , enjoy on a certain level	1
with style and empathy	1
are ... impeccable throughout .	1
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds	1
the adjective ` gentle '	1
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
palpable	1
annoying and	0
emptiness	0
the funnybone thanks	1
the value and respect	1
the outstanding soundtrack	1
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance	1
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
spooky and subtly	1
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's	0
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent	1
bad sound	0
of the rarest kinds of films	1
worked wonders with the material	1
cliché-riddled genre	0
fails as a dystopian movie ,	0
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension	0
most personal	1
defend himself	1
unlikeable people	0
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
fifth beer-soaked film	0
innocent	1
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending	0
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years	0
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising	0
collapses	0
as delightful	1
is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	1
relegated	0
being bored	0
people act weird	0
a tired , predictable	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	1
no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
bravo for history	1
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation	0
limply	0
moments to keep it entertaining	1
an adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions	0
most audacious , outrageous ,	1
hypnotic portrait	1
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,	0
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears	0
an ill-conceived	0
delivering a dramatic slap	1
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	0
the mundane	0
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still	1
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,	1
crappy	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
fascinating study	1
, the more you will probably like it .	1
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
to keep it interested	1
as endearing and easy	1
longley 's film	1
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own	0
by the sick sense of humor	0
the film 's shortcomings	0
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose	1
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
underachiever	0
rooting for the film	1
succeeded beyond all expectation	1
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness	1
lacking any real emotional impact	0
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history	1
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy	1
flat characters	0
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama	1
much more successful	1
puerile	0
has n't been worth caring about	0
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
incredible subtlety and acumen	1
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	1
the exotic world	1
will probably like it .	1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	1
delight your senses and crash this wedding !	1
heartfelt story	1
adrenalized	1
merely pretentious --	0
been trying to forget	0
oddly compelling .	1
is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty	1
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way	0
the hallucinatory drug culture	0
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
three sides of his story with a sensitivity	1
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction	0
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .	1
small , human moments	1
a middle-aged romance	1
captures both the beauty of the land and the people	1
seen through the right eyes	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	1
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade	1
odd and	0
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written	0
perfectly executed	1
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness	0
dope	1
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	1
the performances are remarkable .	1
none of them memorable	0
the too-frosty exterior	0
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream	0
as tiresome as 9	0
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows	1
of visual flair	1
far more alienating than involving	0
great equalizer	1
i liked about it	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago ,	0
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made	1
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
pale	0
blockbusters	1
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
pitiful , slapdash disaster .	0
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated	1
top japanese animations	1
forced	0
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
well to cram earplugs	0
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product	0
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
a nice little story in the process	1
same old bad trip	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
into forced fuzziness	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh	1
of almost perpetually wasted characters	0
of a golden book sprung to life	1
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	0
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	0
have to pay if you want to see it	1
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal	0
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity	1
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous	0
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys	1
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,	0
as padded as allen 's jelly belly	0
delight	1
keep you watching ,	1
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
viewers out in the cold	0
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit	0
get your money back	0
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once	0
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing	0
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
for every cheesy scene	0
of her considerable talents	1
that it 's hardly watchable	0
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	0
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible	1
amuse even	1
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling	1
wit and hoopla	1
take away the controversy	1
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	0
from bill plympton , the animation master ,	1
fascinating and	1
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and	1
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
a movie you can trust	1
powerful direction	1
bad premise	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	0
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	1
sincere acting	1
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision	1
a strong-minded viewpoint , or	1
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but	0
a fascinating case study	1
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty	0
shimmers with it	1
yourself praying for a quick resolution	0
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
delightful , if minor , pastry	1
the right choice	1
remarkable and novel	1
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
obscenely bad dark comedy	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .	1
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely	1
your disgust and your indifference	0
having so much fun	1
a great writer and	1
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles	1
the one-liners are snappy	1
good-natured fun	1
this all works out	1
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
a bit of a cheat in the end	0
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
is even remotely new or interesting	0
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	1
entertaining film	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera	1
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians	1
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	1
, jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	1
dour	0
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye	0
boisterous , heartfelt comedy	1
usually dread encountering the most	0
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads	0
badly edited , 91-minute trailer	0
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	1
neglecting character development	0
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes	1
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby	0
much of a plunge	0
adrenalin	1
intimidated by both her subject matter	0
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you	0
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	0
sprung to life	1
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	1
believable	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit	1
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments	1
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then	1
could fail to crack a smile at	0
even as it points out how inseparable the two are	1
bore .	0
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
self-amused trash	0
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good	0
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
this gutter romancer 's	0
redeemed	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but	1
accomplishment	1
whole hours	1
ended so damned	0
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine	0
scuzzy underbelly	0
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative	1
is n't breaking new ground	0
minority report '' astounds .	1
a hypnotic portrait	1
stylish cast	1
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
naiveté and	0
an intelligent , realistic portrayal	1
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and	1
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
more abhorrent	0
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	1
a cut-and-paste	0
imagination and authentic christmas spirit	1
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year	1
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
the film is one of the year 's best .	1
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
laid-back	1
a treasure chest of material	1
a deep vein of sadness	0
some fine acting	1
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
an interesting character	1
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
killer website movie	1
enjoyably over-the-top	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6	1
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
idiotically	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
it too is a bomb .	0
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism	0
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
undoubtedly	1
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .	0
deliver a few gut-busting laughs	1
heaven	1
lightweight female empowerment	0
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works	1
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure	1
kitschy goodwill	1
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
suitably elegant	1
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
plenty to impress about e.t.	1
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
blemishes	0
for devotees of french cinema	1
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart	1
artificiality	0
you love the music	1
edge to it	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
must have been lost in the translation	0
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times	1
honesty and	1
unfortunately	0
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life	1
the worst movies of the year	0
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes	0
none of the happily-ever	0
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --	1
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
have to see it	1
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier	0
summer fluff	0
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
silly and crude storyline	0
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama .	0
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
prefer this new version	1
works better the less the brain is engaged	0
a small movie with a big impact .	1
obscenely	0
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
superstar	1
stronger	1
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,	0
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
had , lost , and got back	1
iosseliani	1
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention	0
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
act weird	0
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm	0
the film 's saving graces	1
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else	0
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	1
happy	1
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
if only merchant paid more attention the story .	0
make this worth a peek	1
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots	0
intelligent ,	1
sometimes dry	0
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer	1
, amusing , sad and reflective	1
characterizations to be mildly amusing	1
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	0
american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place	1
to remain an unchanged dullard	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo	0
triumphant ,	1
but dull and ankle-deep	0
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
are fantasti	1
cinematic touchstone	1
best part	1
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
my mind	1
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
thoughtless , random , superficial humor	0
, with a solid cast ,	1
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers	1
saves	1
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --	1
its sleazy moralizing	0
a strangely sinister happy ending	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek	0
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in	1
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
sexual jealousy , resentment	0
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade	1
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
was n't a good movie	0
trying to sneak out of the theater	0
in white 's intermittently wise script	1
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	1
insufferably	0
doze off during this one	0
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	0
is a depressing experience	0
lustrous	1
, alone , should scare any sane person away .	0
still leaves shockwaves	1
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing	1
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
in that something 's horribly wrong	0
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
besotted and obvious drama	0
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	0
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing	1
loopy	0
no affinity for most of the characters	0
the plot makes no sense	0
wilde 's wit and	1
there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences	1
the simpering soundtrack	0
their work is fantastic .	1
, purposeless	0
, simple and soapy	1
over-dramatic at times	0
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	1
les	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic	1
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
has rewards ,	1
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images	1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	1
what a film can be	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today	1
a spotty script	0
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions	0
weaving a theme	1
penetrating , potent exploration	1
its visual appeal	1
keep it up	1
caring for animals and	1
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it	0
do n't work in concert .	0
easy to swallow ,	1
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
is slow to those of us in middle age	0
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
to be a new yorker	1
the genuinely funny jokes	1
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	1
affluence	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie	1
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
the end result does no justice to the story itself	0
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense	1
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes	0
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
's sweet .	1
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly	1
love , longing ,	1
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman	1
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture	0
mostly believable ,	1
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
spirited away is a triumph of imagination	1
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
a three-hour cinema master class .	1
old enough to have developed some taste	1
few new converts	0
these two literary figures , and even the times	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently	1
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty	1
treasure	1
an elegant visual sense and	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine	0
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto	1
old-fashioned , occasionally charming	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but	1
false	0
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
tv sitcom material	0
eat up	1
of blaxploitation flicks	0
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation	0
the sheer ugliness of everything else	0
compelling motion	1
would have a hard time sitting through this one	0
to a superior crime movie	1
vibrantly	1
finds warmth in the coldest environment and	1
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary	1
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs	0
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic	0
left a few crucial things out	0
's , it 's simply unbearable	0
flat	0
something of a public service --	1
even more predictable	0
down on their working-class subjects	0
fighting the same fights	0
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see	0
terrible	0
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here	0
described as sci-fi generic	0
inspired humor	1
entertaining feature	1
stays with you	1
the labyrinthine ways	0
mildly amusing	1
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless	0
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating	0
lil bow wow takes the cake	1
overproduced	0
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
pay reparations to viewers	0
's funniest and most likeable movie in years	1
its premise is smart	1
the best actors there is	1
a text to ` lick ,	0
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible	0
some tasty grub	1
boring talking heads	0
for intelligibility	1
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy	1
this crude ,	0
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text	0
effectively chilling guilty pleasure	1
is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
holds up well	1
an in-depth portrait	1
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written	1
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
much of jonah simply , and gratefully ,	1
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
recommend big bad love	1
loud , low-budget and tired formula film	0
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound	0
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
fascinating	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	0
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything	1
's lovely and amazing ,	1
of complacency	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
, almost generic	0
is really all about performances	1
starts out with tremendous promise ,	1
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
no lika	0
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not	0
randall wallace	1
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
discerned here that producers would be well to heed	0
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
slow	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	1
veers into corny sentimentality , probably	0
with a pleasing verisimilitude	1
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ,	1
the holes in this film remain agape	0
work of extraordinary journalism	1
poetry	1
an impressive roster	1
is an amicable endeavor .	1
torn apart by a legacy of abuse	0
that jackie chan is getting older	0
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt	1
champion	1
opulent	1
is worth searching out .	1
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor	1
his impressively delicate range	1
poetic , heartbreaking .	1
funny situations	1
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene	0
having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
make the most of the large-screen format ,	1
telling	1
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential	0
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
simple-minded and stereotypical	0
and it 's what makes their project so interesting	1
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle	1
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan	1
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year	0
is a very funny , heartwarming film	1
, especially with the weak payoff	0
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
is tuned in to its community .	1
is attractive .	1
, mesmerizing	1
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop	0
's kinda dumb .	0
an odd show , pregnant with moods ,	0
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals	1
makes him the film 's moral compass	1
the perkiness of witherspoon	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and	0
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and	1
the week blown up for the big screen	0
flat champagne	0
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and	0
well-executed	1
it a comic book with soul	1
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	1
for a quick-buck sequel	0
say you were n't warned	0
, point and purpose	1
painful elegy	0
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot	1
that `` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	0
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head	0
willing to express his convictions	0
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	1
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate	0
prefer to keep on watching	1
rather brilliant little cult item	1
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
throughout all the tumult	1
, crowd-pleasing goals	1
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
useless actioners	0
's nice	1
a very sincere work	1
noisy	0
bother to rent this on video	0
delicate treatment	1
insane liberties	0
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy	1
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	1
good alternative	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ,	1
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
a film with almost as many	1
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
climactic	1
better video-game-based	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein	1
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
indie tatters and self-conscious seams	0
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
turning into a black hole of dullness	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and	0
sometimes beautiful	1
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger	1
the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
to get in the way	0
poorly written	0
interesting slice	1
with a single	1
tells us nothing new	0
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic	1
really awful	0
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh	1
be engaging	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional	1
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
already thin story	0
amazement	1
human drama	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too	1
the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
abandoned ,	0
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	0
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	0
hopelessly juvenile	0
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller	0
uplifting	1
boffo last hour	1
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story	1
seat	1
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion	0
take on the upscale lifestyle	1
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	0
car wreck	0
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe	1
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film	1
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	0
familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
uneven performances and a spotty script	0
turns into an ocean of trouble	0
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life ,	1
padded .	0
lazy , miserable and smug	0
entirely irony-free	1
uncle ralph	1
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity	1
masochistic moviegoers	0
it 's on par with the first one	1
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing	1
perfect starting point	1
well-worn situations	0
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations	1
a film , and such a stultifying ,	0
of determination and the human spirit	1
gaudy hawaiian shirt	0
the most disappointing woody allen movie	0
and undemanding armchair tourists	0
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker	1
overwhelming sadness	0
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart	1
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans	0
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	0
by its lack of purpose	0
locales	0
tedious	0
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't	1
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	0
tight and nasty	1
a well-put-together piece	1
jim brown	1
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	0
terrific casting and solid execution	1
that 's its first sign of trouble .	0
this three-hour endurance test	0
ingenue	1
quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	1
is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .	1
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .	0
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
a high note	1
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion	1
goofily endearing and well-lensed	1
from a fine cast	1
too many prefabricated story elements	0
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese	1
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have )	0
runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
the worst films	0
best thing	1
unerring respect	1
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
like a room stacked with pungent flowers	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,	0
the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
villainous	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
is a truly , truly bad movie .	0
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago	0
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
an asian landscape painting	1
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
seems like someone going through the motions .	0
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie	1
a pleasure	1
sheer dynamism	1
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker	1
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	1
her grace	1
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
great pity	0
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother	1
about one thing is a small gem .	1
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
unfortunately also	0
quality band	1
the worst dialogue	0
warmth and	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .	1
of matthew shepard	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,	1
, there 's much to recommend the film .	1
is a goofy pleasure	1
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone	1
to match the power of their surroundings	1
are immaculate	1
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
wonder , hope and magic	1
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania	0
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking	1
perfectly entertaining summer diversion	1
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody	1
becomes more specimen than character	0
is worse :	0
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's	0
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite	0
sermonize	0
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots	0
being memorable	1
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	0
a lighthearted glow	1
a huge sacrifice of character and mood	0
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love	1
out-bad-act the other	0
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness	0
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life	0
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama	1
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama	1
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve	0
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook	0
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here	0
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
bring their characters to life .	1
have the best of both worlds	1
do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse	0
all the outward elements of the original	1
ruthless in its own placid way	0
drudgery	0
's just too dry and too placid	0
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often	0
strangely tempting	1
interesting and at times captivating	1
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period	1
works its magic with such exuberance and passion	1
visual charm or texture	1
ignites	1
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety	1
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight	0
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	0
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	0
long bore .	0
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best	0
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	1
we 've seen it all before in one form or another	0
pointless extremes	0
the hurried , badly cobbled look	0
of its plot contrivances	0
the self-image	1
the earmarks	1
thousand cliches	0
is meaningful or memorable	1
mopes	0
contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know	1
visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,	1
for its intelligence and intensity	1
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings	0
i loved on first sight and , even more important ,	1
a rerun	0
no surprises .	0
of moronic stunts	0
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america	1
trashy time	0
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
for damon/bourne or his predicament	1
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	1
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	0
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera	0
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer	0
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
from burkina faso	1
the beautiful images and solemn words	1
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
a few nice twists	1
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm	0
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
worldly knowledge	1
impressive achievement	1
sickeningly	0
artless sytle	0
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia	1
writer-director david jacobson	1
without being shrill	1
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic	0
a half-hearted fluke	0
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout	1
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema	1
opportunists	1
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers	0
overwrought comedy/drama	0
what makes their project so interesting	1
being trapped at a bad rock concert	0
from the dull	0
a work of entertainment	1
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too	0
told with competence	1
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
ultimate scorsese film	1
a cesspool	0
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes	0
mediocre end	0
a strong script , powerful direction	1
perfectly entertaining	1
offended	0
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining	1
made up for its rather slow beginning	1
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
troubled	0
love , memory	1
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director	1
lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	1
makes	1
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	0
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant	0
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness	0
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if	1
a stand up and cheer flick	1
lots of boring talking heads , etc .	0
your face for two hours	0
make it an above-average thriller	1
fussing over too weak a recipe	0
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated	0
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
a terrible movie in every regard	0
incoherent	0
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half .	0
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	0
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings	0
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	1
wobbly premise work	0
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative	0
much more watchable	1
a couple hours of summertime	1
are often a stitch	0
an engrossing story	1
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising	1
all its fusty squareness	0
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	0
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	1
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy	1
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
scenes of cinematic perfection	1
appealingly	1
absolutely	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
the wise , wizened visitor	1
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen	1
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is	0
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid	0
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	1
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie	0
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating	0
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny	0
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	0
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
humorous and	1
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation	1
has been	1
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	0
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time	0
to see three splendid actors	1
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots	1
unblinkingly pure as	1
misogyny and unprovoked violence	0
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	1
, storytelling is far more appealing	1
large-format	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait	1
delightful	1
gives ample opportunity	1
uneven performances	0
a fascinating part	1
loses its fire	0
spectator	1
various victimized audience members	0
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen	0
has little insight into the historical period and its artists	0
intermittently powerful	1
spare dialogue	0
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
without context -- journalistic or historical	0
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
great pleasure	1
enjoying the big-screen experience	1
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection	0
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results	1
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
makes an amazing breakthrough	1
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	1
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...	1
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary	0
a kind of abstract guilt	0
passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
funny yet dark	1
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay	0
abandon	0
tired , predictable	0
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film	1
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	0
purgatory county	0
much funnier film	1
written by somebody else	0
no big whoop	0
goal	1
into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent	1
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,	1
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo	1
you 've actually spent time living in another community	1
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...	1
there are some laughs in this movie	1
as the movie sputters	0
actually hurts to watch .	0
sultry	1
exceeds expectations	1
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
- worst of all -	0
gives his best screen	1
a beyond-lame satire	0
an entertaining documentary	1
should pay reparations to viewers	0
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart	0
the movie is without intent .	0
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out	1
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible ,	0
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	0
ki-deok	1
this equally derisive clunker	0
nurtured his metaphors	0
been worth caring about	1
energy and excitement	1
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice	0
a funny and touching film	1
manages sweetness	1
shoot it in the head	0
walked out of runteldat	0
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so	0
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children	0
a good fight	1
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters	1
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
informative	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film	1
big fat pain .	0
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
a life interestingly	1
is about grief	0
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	0
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something	1
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking	1
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	0
enough funny	1
richly detailed ,	1
magnificent jackie chan	1
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	0
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	1
enter and accept another world	1
the best , most	1
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
a coming-of-age movie	1
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) ,	0
unlike	0
even more reassuring	1
vivid , convincing performances	1
loses all bite on the big screen	0
clever concept	1
cannibal lust above the ordinary	1
mindless and boring	0
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	0
meaty	1
manipulative and as bland	0
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill	1
his usual intelligence and subtlety	1
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality	1
terrific performances	1
for both children and parents	1
it is more than merely a holocaust movie	1
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships	1
true for being so hot-blooded	1
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature	1
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
is a convincing one ,	1
others in the genre	1
nothing good	0
through this film	1
his best-known creation	1
formulaic and stilted	0
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	0
the top japanese animations	1
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	0
celebrate	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it	1
it 's just a kids ' flick	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter	1
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar	0
romp pile	0
hilary	1
denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role	1
is intelligently accomplished	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing	1
a bonus feature	1
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own	0
figures prominently in this movie ,	1
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured	0
creeping	0
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness	1
too stagey ,	0
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond	1
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies	0
these characters love each other	1
weirdo actor crispin glover	0
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages	1
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance	1
of describing badness	0
the inspiration	1
've got a huge mess	0
match the ordeal of sitting through it	0
stylish	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch	1
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,	1
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	0
the grandeur	1
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	1
gripping	1
delight your senses and crash this wedding	1
sweet cinderella story	1
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	1
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
own placid way	0
a wonderful subject for the camera	1
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary	0
predictable plot	0
the script 's refusal	0
fake backdrops	0
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
imitative	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	1
to do with 94 minutes	1
is polanski 's best film .	1
well-crafted	1
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest	0
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy	0
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt	0
to hate	0
a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni	0
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up	1
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit	0
is always watchable	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
polished and vastly entertaining caper	1
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory	1
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books	0
make a pretty good team	1
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar	1
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake	1
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces	1
laziness and arrogance	0
too many clever things	0
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates	0
redemption	1
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking	1
sympathetic characters	1
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development	0
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention	0
what he does best	1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers	0
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it	1
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption	1
manual	0
captivating and intimate	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch	1
pleasantly and predictably	1
so many talented people	1
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale	0
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
any stylish sizzle	1
you 're in for a painful ride .	0
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball	1
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film	0
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery	1
's just not very smart .	0
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director	0
equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
which was shot two years ago	1
is a good and ambitious film	1
be numbing	0
unreligious	0
always entertaining , and smartly written	1
far less endearing disabilities	0
slippery self-promoter	0
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are	0
very talented	1
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man	1
's betting her third feature will be something to behold	1
are a little too big for her mouth	0
succeed in alienating most viewers	0
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	1
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness	1
fairly predictable psychological thriller	0
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
keep parents away	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers	1
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
charming and evoking little ditty	1
sprightly spin	1
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
caffeinated , sloppy	0
smart comedy	1
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music	1
the superficial tensions	0
still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
and it is n't that funny	0
entertaining comedy	1
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	1
as rude and profane as ever ,	0
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises	0
like schindler 's list	1
scare any sane person away	0
be careful what you wish for	0
screenplay to die for	1
hopkins looks like a drag queen	0
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so	0
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
takes advantage of the fact	1
wanderers and a bronx tale	0
the title , many can aspire but none can equal	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	1
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching	1
crafted , and well executed	1
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around	0
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story	1
deeply unsettling experience	0
'' admirably	1
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel	1
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects	1
legged freaks	0
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter	0
a twisted sense	1
, should n't have been made	0
offbeat humor	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a	0
clever and insightful	1
single good film	1
worth your time	1
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan	1
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	1
because australia is a weirdly beautiful place	1
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were	0
the delete key	0
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	0
has much to recommend it	1
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	0
executed it takes your breath away .	1
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
dull-witted and disquietingly	0
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	0
loses its ability to shock and amaze .	0
what it 's trying to say and	1
reasonably entertaining sequel	1
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon	1
sexy , surprising romance	1
the best didacticism	1
runs around and acts like a doofus	0
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and	0
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process	0
shakespeare 's eloquent language	1
fixating	1
best and	1
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates	0
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,	0
draws the audience	1
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
very sincere work	1
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz	0
a serious contender for the title	1
such high-profile talent serve such literate material	1
they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting	0
engaging	1
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '	1
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	0
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low	0
like a cold old man going through the motions .	0
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge	0
'll only put you to sleep	0
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver	1
much worth	1
straight-to-video movie	0
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel	0
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece	0
rigged and sluggish	0
play out realistically if not always fairly	1
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love	1
grotesque and boring	0
insistent and repetitive	0
of overwhelming waste	0
have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
a moving and important film	1
tailor-made	1
have a 90-minute , four-star movie	1
at every opportunity to do something clever	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	1
straight out of a cellular phone commercial	0
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works	0
this engaging film	1
adventure and song	1
, one would hope for the best	1
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
its shortness disappoints	0
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand	1
fire-breathing	1
slow and ponderous ,	0
the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
of sensual delights and simmering violence	1
warmth	1
one lousy movie	0
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,	1
like acid	0
waste of time , money and celluloid	0
compelling supporting characters	1
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud	0
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy	1
as boring and	0
savagely hilarious	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
marveling	1
tastelessness and gall	0
dodge	1
vibrance and warmth	1
unflappable air	1
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar	1
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
each other so intensely , but with restraint	1
mysterious , sensual ,	1
unfunny wannabe	0
, insightfully human	1
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped	1
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	0
cliches , painful improbability and murky	0
not great	0
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer	0
sink into melancholia	0
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	1
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair	0
too goodly ,	1
a promise nor	1
a backstage must-see	1
bad idea	0
the cruelty and suffering	0
polished ,	1
, no-frills ride	0
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )	0
20th anniversary edition	1
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal	1
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener	0
to check your brain at the door	0
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating	1
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness	1
oo many of these gross out scenes	0
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
stuffy and pretentious	0
no art	0
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
an act of spiritual faith	1
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
but enjoyable documentary .	1
appealing veneer	1
of profound characterizations	1
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
the last days	0
worthy of the price of a ticket	1
crisp and	1
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie	1
see who can out-bad-act the other	0
the murk of its own making	0
its heightened , well-shaped dramas	1
used to burn every print of the film	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling ,	1
superb performances	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
are enthralling	1
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger	0
a work of deft and subtle poetry	1
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out	0
no wit , only	0
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions	0
to produce another smash	1
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,	1
a fairly slow paced ,	0
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness	0
a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone	0
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects	0
good actors , even kingsley ,	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness	0
smart-aleck movie	1
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device	0
annoying rather than charming	0
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless	1
screwing things up old school	0
( has ) an immediacy	1
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
do n't care to understand	0
of the clients	1
cinematic poet	1
made but uninvolving	0
, unlikeable people	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans	1
a compelling and horrifying story	1
good , achingly human	1
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
new treasure	1
, you 'll cheer .	1
that effortlessly draws you in	1
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	1
hugely accomplished	1
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
manipulating our collective fear	1
jackass is a vulgar and	0
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk	0
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set	0
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
sympathy and intelligence	1
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
... it 's robert duvall !	1
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	1
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama	1
love liza 's tale	1
provides	1
is impressive .	1
's plenty to offend everyone	0
acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
corcuera 's attention to detail	1
speak fluent flatula	0
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and	1
masterpiece	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	0
dopey	0
fine acting	1
the most fluent of actors	1
flaws ,	0
that is impenetrable and dull	0
does n't leave you with much	0
enough to feel good about	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece ,	1
should never have been brought out of hibernation	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie	1
ensemble cast romances recently	1
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism	0
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
the payoff	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity	0
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine	1
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences	1
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie	0
the magnificent swooping aerial shots	1
a satisfying complete picture	1
trusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
thought the relationships were wonderful	1
, if disingenuous ,	0
, unmemorable filler .	0
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly	1
pure	1
make a huge action sequence	1
a minor treat	1
, there are great rewards here .	1
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	1
stereotypical familial quandaries	0
the intoxicating fumes and	1
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
like it was worth your seven bucks ,	1
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	1
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	0
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own	1
retro-refitting exercise	0
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
unexpectedly rewarding	1
real laughs	1
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
gentle film	1
belittle a cinema classic	0
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance	1
is greatness	1
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood	1
about this love story	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes ,	1
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
cringe	0
started with a great premise and then just fell apart	0
noteworthy characters	1
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director	0
, getting there is not even half the interest .	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and	0
does n't know what it wants to be	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :	0
a slick ,	1
perfection	1
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things	0
rich and sudden wisdom	1
a trend	0
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :	0
comes along only occasionally	1
playful spark	1
to a new , self-deprecating level	0
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art	0
, it is clearly a good thing .	1
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
no , paralyzed	0
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity	0
of becoming a better person through love	1
robotically	0
ends so horrendously confusing	0
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	0
dumb gags , anatomical humor	0
the choices	1
a convincing impersonation	1
mundane	0
goofy , life-affirming moments	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown	0
that no wise men will be following after it	0
too cliched	0
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	0
murder and mayhem	0
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably	0
seems so real	1
's kind of sad	0
she 's cut open a vein	0
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	0
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
decent ones	1
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone	1
painful to watch	0
decrepit freaks	0
retelling	0
painful nuance	0
brightly optimistic	1
, poignant and leavened	1
promises a new kind of high	1
gets the look and the period trappings right	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker	1
pointless , stupid	0
no real sense of suspense	0
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter	1
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming	1
half-baked setups	0
dull , brain-deadening hangover	0
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but	0
enough freshness	1
of good stuff	1
these things	1
a lot richer than the ones	1
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type	0
handled correctly	1
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain	0
that is dark	0
will ever be anything more than losers	0
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	0
fast and funny ,	1
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	0
freshness	1
think of this dog of a movie	0
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences	1
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	0
the enterprise	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture	1
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin	0
child acting	0
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set	0
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination	0
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material	0
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
a masterpiece --	1
part of that delicate canon	1
fat , dumb	0
engaging offbeat touches	1
burdened by the actor	0
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper	1
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor	1
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot	1
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
well-made	1
a flourish	1
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation	1
bores	0
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	0
most breezy movie	1
, well-crafted psychological study	1
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	0
jabs	0
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject	1
brady	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	0
much like a young robert deniro	1
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live	0
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	0
laughed	1
proves to be a compelling	1
keep it from being simpleminded	1
the problem with antwone fisher	1
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope	1
peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and	1
and interesting characters	1
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise	0
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace	0
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter	0
, 84 minutes is short	1
an eminently engrossing film	1
a brutal and funny work .	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and	1
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed	0
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags	0
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles	1
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	0
in a sense , that 's a liability .	0
you want the story to go on and on	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids	0
humbuggery	0
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
so special	1
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth	1
that is beyond playing fair with the audience	0
's mildly entertaining	1
all unfolds predictably	0
comprehend it	1
lacking in chills	0
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ,	1
and church meetings	1
opportunity to make absurdist observations	1
as ` wayne	1
's not a great monster movie	0
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
impacts	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
ache by the end of kung pow	0
their lofty perch	1
the slapstick is labored	0
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
confident	1
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force	1
as a ghost story gone badly awry	0
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure	1
you live the mood rather than savor the story .	1
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and	1
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance	1
's the sweet cinderella story	1
after drinking twelve beers	0
truths	1
glaring and unforgettable	1
give full performances	1
is perfectly creepy and believable	1
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos	1
decent kid-pleasing	1
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies	1
hard to understand	0
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images	1
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes	1
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself	1
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned	0
frustrates	0
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb	1
of lingerie models and bar dancers	1
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ...	1
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
endlessly superficial .	0
the immediate aftermath	1
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming	1
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks	1
slow scenes	0
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	1
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design	1
all menace and atmosphere	0
evokes	1
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
so lackluster	0
it reveals	1
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture	0
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	0
of a fanciful motion picture	1
moving and stark	1
scotland looks wonderful ,	1
won	1
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style	1
struggle	0
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore	0
it 's potentially just as rewarding	1
its visual merits	1
the growing , moldering pile	0
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then	1
bolado credit for good intentions	1
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars	1
crisper and punchier	1
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story	1
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio	1
forgets	0
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage	1
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
funniest idea	1
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life	0
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
stop-and-start pacing	0
with its own solemn insights	1
most surprising thing	1
this nasty comedy	0
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something	0
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
fun , curiously adolescent movie	1
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,	0
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
what you wish for	1
the film 's considered approach	1
utterly charming	1
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel	0
definite room for improvement	0
infamy	0
ultimate imax trip	1
is left slightly unfulfilled .	0
in the annals of cinema	1
green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment	0
the worst excesses of nouvelle	0
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business	0
to the point of nausea	0
members of the cultural elite	0
got the brawn , but not the brains	0
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original	1
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ,	0
to drag on for nearly three hours	0
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film	1
to see who can out-bad-act the other	0
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
's smooth and professional	1
is astonishing .	1
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
extremely thorough	1
corny examination	0
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
despite all the backstage drama	1
ultimately hollow mockumentary	0
directed with sensitivity and skill	1
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star	1
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''	1
, you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences	0
won --	1
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut	1
to perform	1
is like reading a research paper	0
nonconformist	1
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	1
governmental odds	1
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three	0
almost never fails him	1
personal velocity	1
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
the unacceptable , the unmentionable	0
is attractive	1
by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
phony	0
his fake backdrops and stately pacing	0
funny and touching film	1
self-deprecating	0
the gabbiest giant-screen movie	0
's so striking about jolie 's performance	1
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
begins with promise , but runs	0
a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	0
fudged opportunity	0
just about the best straight-up	1
bogged down	0
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
quirky and fearless	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	1
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows	1
going at a rapid pace	1
emotionally strong and	1
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
feel-bad	0
a rollicking adventure	1
the incomprehensible anne rice novel	0
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation	0
good and different	1
survive a screening with little harm done	0
infuses it	1
you have to see it .	1
stupid	0
actor michel serrault	1
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
amusing for a good while	1
stay away	0
own most damning censure	0
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	0
noir veil	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,	1
not to be dismissed	1
extremely imaginative through out	1
of a handsome and well-made entertainment	1
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next	1
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise	1
takes its title all too literally	0
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
revenge , and romance	1
real women have curves truly is life affirming	1
as a piece of storytelling	1
mad	0
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine	0
noble end	0
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	0
with an original idea for a teen movie	1
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com ''	0
an honestly nice little film	1
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
down a familiar road with a few twists	0
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo	1
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
the best of a growing strain of daring films	1
old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about	0
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns	0
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
rich detail condensed	1
exquisite motion picture	1
a fall	0
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer	0
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
is so deadly dull	0
inner-city streets	1
make the stones weep	1
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	1
only pain	0
one terrific score and	1
sly humor	1
to call the film ` refreshing	1
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously	0
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon	1
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	0
, green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
it will be well worth your time .	1
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
failing , ultimately ,	0
a sweet and modest and	1
lawrence should stick to his day job .	0
a jaunt down memory lane for teens	1
forced drama	0
a wonderful tale	1
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
break	0
to his supple understanding of the role	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and	0
of riveting power and sadness	1
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	1
quirky and satirical touches	1
farts	0
adoring , wide-smiling reception	1
fail to crack a smile at	0
highlighted	1
pleasant but not	1
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another	0
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth	1
this nonsensical story	0
rueful , wry humor	1
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .	0
go from stark desert	0
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks	0
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven	1
may fall fast asleep	0
think this movie loves women at all	0
it should be interesting	1
is funny and looks professional .	1
takes big bloody chomps out of it	0
engaging mix	1
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
a treat --	1
more trifle than triumph .	0
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
finely written	1
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged	0
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time	0
as mindless	0
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters	0
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller	1
family audience	1
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	1
half-hearted	0
cute partnership	1
admirable reconstruction	1
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism	1
own fear and paranoia	0
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
could n't care less	0
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so	0
pretentious	0
serious subject matter and	1
a fake street drama that keeps telling you	0
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation	1
its predecessors proud	1
has a genuine dramatic impact	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie ,	0
it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	0
ultimately undo him	0
sloppy script	0
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
the broiling sun for a good three days	0
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	0
should never forget	1
incongruous summer playoff	0
enjoy the film	1
totally disorientated	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss	1
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	1
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark	0
disguised	0
usual intelligence and subtlety	1
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people	1
's little to recommend snow dogs	0
a minor miracle	1
it will be ,	1
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead	0
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently	1
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
much self-centered	0
of diverse political perspectives	1
without any redeeming value whatsoever .	0
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life	1
very entertaining	1
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
strives	1
a classic fairy tale	1
of animal house	1
by bad luck and their own immaturity	0
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	1
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film	0
a set of heartfelt performances	1
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be	1
a satisfactory overview	1
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
deliberate laughs	1
a film worth watching	1
a wonderful film to bring to imax	1
is to be mesmerised .	1
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and	1
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler	0
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood	0
one of the biggest disappointments of the year	0
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
so much first-rate	1
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	1
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
most enjoyable	1
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo	0
be a single iota worse	0
overcome bad hair design	0
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision	0
suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman	0
honestly , i do n't see the point	0
gets old quickly .	0
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more	0
will have an intermittently good time	1
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
it is n't particularly funny	0
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and	0
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
a funny yet dark and	1
which is nothing to sneeze at these days	1
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you	0
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code	1
of magic	1
one of the most exciting action films	1
dumb high school comedy	0
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances	0
amuse or entertain them	1
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out	1
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry	1
bean drops the ball too many times	0
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists	1
refreshing	1
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese	1
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated	0
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	0
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	0
ruthlessly pained	0
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;	1
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	1
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
exciting and well-paced .	1
's plenty to impress about e.t.	1
academy award	1
makes these lives count .	1
has never been smoother or more confident	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance	1
implausible	0
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and	1
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity	1
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
about existential suffering	0
have one saving grace	1
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	1
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout	1
bitter and less mature	0
i fear	0
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	0
thoughtful , reverent portrait	1
... an interesting slice of history .	1
, fun , popcorn movies	1
familiar and tired	0
is n't much fun without the highs and lows	0
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower	0
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive	0
tell its story	1
thumbs up to paxton	1
are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,	1
is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
a laughable -- or rather	0
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups	0
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
super	1
for every taste	1
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion	1
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	1
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream	0
competent direction	1
operates nicely	1
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
of wit or charm	1
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
a powerful and telling story that examines	1
eloquent , deeply felt	1
a cartoon ?	0
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing	1
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	0
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films	0
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	0
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy	1
is dark , brooding and slow	0
it wants to be	1
its poignancy hooks us completely	1
90-minute postmodern voyage	1
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor	1
hero	1
derived from a lobotomy	0
amused by its special effects	1
hated myself in the morning	0
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why	0
climactic burst	1
deception	0
quite worth	1
be a different kind of film	1
to die for	1
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	0
unsettling subject matter	0
indoor drama	1
, eastwood is off his game	0
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit	1
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	1
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy	0
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground	0
sad but endearing	1
particularly well made	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	0
there 's not nearly enough that 's right	0
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care	0
at a grade-school audience	0
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama	1
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments	0
time bombs and	0
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered	0
revels in its own simplicity	1
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers	1
warm , inviting , and	1
into a classic genre	1
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot	0
technically sumptuous but also	1
old college try	0
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
full of itself	0
is more of an ordeal than an amusement	0
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
very pleasing at its best moments	1
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,	0
taylor 's cartoonish performance	0
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
in an irresistible junior-high way ,	1
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful	1
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
a more measured or polished production ever could	1
make like the title and dodge this one .	0
of telling a fascinating character 's story	1
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood	0
road	0
the action is stilted and	0
did n't hollywood think of this sooner	1
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
in this flat effort	0
the most part a useless movie	0
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit	1
small , intelligent eyes	1
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection	1
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise	0
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame	0
one senses	1
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	1
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack	1
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
genuine mind-bender .	1
tendency to slip into hokum	0
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying	0
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud	1
, painful	0
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great	0
are n't your bailiwick	0
leaves a bitter taste .	0
brings documentary-like credibility	1
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past	1
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult	0
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature	1
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	1
a solid , spooky entertainment	1
to the power of women to heal	1
viewed and treasured	1
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion	1
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	0
more hackneyed elements	0
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and	1
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds	1
of his passe ' chopsocky glory	0
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
flawless film	1
a great script	1
keep this from being a complete waste of time	0
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
labored gags	0
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and	1
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful	1
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .	1
of her life with the imagery in her paintings	1
memorable experience	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away	1
a summer	1
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing	0
to sag in certain places	0
melodramatic bodice-ripper	0
bad singer-turned actors	0
business plans	1
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches	1
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
sensuous and	1
in spite of its predictability	0
potty-mouthed enough	0
writer and director burr steers knows the territory	1
is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
finds warmth	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s	1
for sick and demented humor	0
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant	1
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation	1
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned	0
turn away from one	0
rude and crude humor	0
all arty and jazzy	1
the astonishingly pivotal role	1
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	0
sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
misconstrued as weakness	1
their incessant whining	0
self-conscious art drivel	0
going through the motions	0
have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	0
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn	1
unlikable ,	0
the curse of a self-hatred instilled	0
an achingly enthralling premise ,	1
a satisfying evening	1
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school	0
music fans	1
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment	1
far short	0
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	0
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it	0
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
a very funny , heartwarming film	1
just such a dungpile	0
so likable	1
may not be a straightforward bio	0
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams	0
familiar road	1
a gorgeous film	1
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	0
the only fun part of the movie	0
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex	0
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans ''	1
funny popcorn	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	1
so many red herrings , so many false scares	0
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,	0
the abiding impression	1
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
has kind of an authentic feel	1
overtly silly	0
mediocre movie	0
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers	1
does n't give you enough to feel good about	0
leguizamo 's best movie work	1
to break the tedium	0
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
, brilliant and macabre	1
with enjoyable ease	1
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,	0
blazingly	1
it 's this rich and luscious	1
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie	0
dips key moments	0
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
ahola )	0
versace	1
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof	0
love , communal discord ,	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense	0
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller	1
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks	0
inspiring , ironic ,	1
more fun watching a documentary	0
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
slap her	0
a dim	0
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while	1
lacks in action	0
intelligence and subtlety	1
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
puts an exclamation point	1
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
go where we went 8 movies ago	1
the precious trappings	1
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	0
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low	0
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and	0
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look	1
its rather slow beginning	0
on the success of bollywood	1
bound to show up at theaters for it	1
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream	1
and moving portrait	1
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --	0
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about	0
very good viewing alternative	1
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot	0
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
a fine production with splendid singing	1
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms	0
strong performances	1
his several silly subplots	0
puzzle whose pieces do not fit	0
tired of going where no man has gone before	0
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being	1
switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s	0
strong dramatic and emotional pull	1
was just a matter of ` eh	0
offers no new insight on the matter , nor	0
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
crippled children	0
of new inspiration in it	1
this bad	0
more evil than ever	0
's already a joke in the united states	0
deadly bore	0
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	0
what gives human nature its unique feel	1
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue	1
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
the art demands live viewing .	1
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes	0
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
at hostile odds with one another	0
playwriting	1
makes up for with its heart .	1
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular	1
in the business	1
deeply humanistic	1
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone	0
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres	1
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	0
sometimes both	1
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary	0
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
a deadly bore	0
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama	0
crummy-looking videotape	0
-- she 's pretty and she can act --	1
they have a tendency to slip into hokum	0
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing	0
complaining	0
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	1
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance	0
presented with great sympathy and intelligence	1
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	0
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny	0
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	0
reached its expiration date	0
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face	1
called the best korean film of 2002	1
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours	0
entirely stale	0
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
gets its greatest play	1
falls somewhat short	0
obscure the message	0
the intentionally low standards	0
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment	1
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy	0
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable	1
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood	1
very depressing movie	0
initially gripping	1
, proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh	0
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame	0
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
subzero	0
a talent	1
kitchen-sink homage	0
nearly as dreadful	0
susan	1
smokers only	0
but still entertaining	1
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema	0
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor	1
an even less capable trio	0
feel-good territory	1
masterful work	1
worst sense	0
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd	0
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional	0
canny , meditative	1
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	1
, politically charged tapestry	1
warmth and humor	1
really good premise	1
dramatically lackluster	0
cinematic poem	1
has fallen	0
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
is enough to give you brain strain	0
low , very low , very very low	0
graced	1
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions	0
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	1
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes	0
classic fairy tale	1
's stylishly directed with verve	1
about full frontal	1
impossible	0
glow	1
a comedic context	1
farce ,	0
i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times	1
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil	1
overuse	0
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy	1
the annoying score	0
drown yourself	0
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject	0
is disposable	0
its courageousness	1
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor	0
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment	0
almost perpetually wasted characters	0
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
a cohesive story	1
layered	1
cross-country road trip	1
pokey	0
becomes unwatchable	0
a nearly terminal case	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and	1
badly cobbled	0
treat	1
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior	0
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness	0
in a fresh way	1
banal	0
might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	1
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single	0
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional ,	0
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
successfully	1
proves itself a more streamlined	1
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
some of the camera work is interesting	1
revelatory and narcissistic	0
for the memorable character creations	1
has a handful of smart jokes	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film	0
crucifixion	0
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	0
, unimaginative	0
nuances	1
the greatest date movies in years	1
a cute partnership in i spy	1
pinheads	0
be more complex than your average film	1
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
sleep	0
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme	0
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
capable cast	1
it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads	0
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters	0
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion	1
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	0
of heart	1
skeeved	0
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	1
terrible .	0
mysterious ,	1
`` minority report '' astounds .	1
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack	1
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd	1
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
what makes the movie special	1
, it already has one strike against it .	0
hard-driving narcissism is a given	0
nearly terminal case	0
was right about blade	1
sustains	1
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	0
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
is a dud .	0
most opaque , self-indulgent and	0
mixed up together like a term paper	0
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	0
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	1
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy	1
deceptively simple ,	1
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house	1
'll still have a good time .	1
strays past the two and a half mark	0
its star	1
many such biographical melodramas	0
sympathetic without being gullible	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony	0
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	0
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy	0
clever enough	1
veers like a drunken driver	0
out-sized	0
tell the best story	1
call the film ` refreshing	1
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel	1
you have to pay if you want to see it	1
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set	0
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	1
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games	0
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to	1
create	1
genitals	1
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	1
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	1
the evening to end	0
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects	0
emotionally bruised characters	0
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
the worst elements	0
dismember	0
we all ca n't stand	0
tiresome as 9	0
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	1
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept	0
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
slightest difficulty	0
's a love story as sanguine as its title	1
tackles more than she can handle .	0
animation and game phenomenon	1
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade	0
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back	1
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle	1
cleverly constructed scenario	1
new york locales and sharp writing	1
finds warmth in the coldest environment	1
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
seriously intended	1
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	0
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
go back to sleep .	0
seeking christian-themed fun	1
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	1
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
is the piece works brilliantly .	1
assume is just another day of brit cinema	0
dates	1
press the delete key .	0
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
, scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
modern master	1
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies	0
is as predictable as the tides	0
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run	0
uses its pulpy core conceit	0
the silver screen	1
are an immensely appealing couple	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect	1
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here	1
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	0
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear	1
a marvel of production design .	1
cheap-looking	0
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened	0
much of it is funny	1
laughing at his own joke	0
grow boring ...	0
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,	0
little mermaid	1
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction	1
, i do n't see the point	0
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario	1
the credits roll across the pat ending	0
the film 's intimate camera work	1
does hold up pretty well .	1
are great rewards here	1
must have been astronomically bad	0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie	1
fiercely intelligent and	1
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape	1
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ...	0
imaginative teacher	1
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	1
smart and taut .	1
gutless direction	0
`` gangs '' is never lethargic	1
new zealand coming-of-age movie	1
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
irritatingly transparent	0
two star script	0
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still	0
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and	0
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it	0
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure	0
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud	0
bouncy	1
more than a	1
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
enthusiasm	1
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
encouraging	1
the more you will probably like it .	1
've completely	1
a lunar mission with no signs of life	0
sleep-inducing	0
deeply and rightly	1
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit	0
lovely toward the end	1
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship	1
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men	1
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	0
hopeless	0
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
crafty , energetic and smart	1
reminiscent	1
will love its fantasy and adventure	1
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic	0
a more annoying	0
patchy	0
adaptation is simply brilliant .	1
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils	1
an incoherent jumble	0
moaning about their cruel fate	0
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress	0
was developed hastily after oedekerk	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself	1
right tone	1
'' is the operative word for `` bad company	0
too much syrup	0
a visually masterful work of quiet power	1
we care about the story	1
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
a thriller	1
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie	1
can easily be considered career-best performances	1
wholesome	1
are odd and pixilated	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;	0
lost in the murk of its own making	0
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
all-star salute	1
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
really work	1
lurches between not-very-funny comedy	0
... too sappy for its own good .	0
of sentimental ooze	0
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance	1
for laughs and not the last time	1
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
both thematic content and narrative strength	1
a noticeable lack of pace	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain	0
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,	1
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past	1
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story	1
whose sharp	1
creepy-crawly bug things	0
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body	1
true impact	1
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment	1
pooper-scoopers	0
the affection of that moral favorite	1
has done excellent work here	1
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor	1
you 're a jet all the way	1
more slowly	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and	1
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work	0
unique directing style	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me	0
's not too much of anything	0
once in a while a film	1
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
he refuses to evaluate his own work	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but	1
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
the music makes a nice album ,	1
into the modern rut of narrative banality	0
wish you had n't seen	0
be a one-trick pony	0
itself is actually quite vapid .	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	0
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	0
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
it is clearly a good thing .	1
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world	1
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead	0
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	0
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about	0
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	0
's in danger of going wrong	0
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding	0
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving	1
unshapely look	0
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door	0
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it	0
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	0
recommend secretary	1
most deceptively amusing	1
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious	0
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating	1
though flawed	0
pitifully	0
does have its charms	1
, unnecessary	0
it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	1
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches	1
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	1
have sprung from such a great one	1
sharply	1
finely detailed	1
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs	1
of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim	1
incoherence	0
enjoyable big movie	1
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure	1
ravishing	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	1
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing	0
a delicate ambiguity	1
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny	1
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances	1
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well	1
tepid and choppy recycling	0
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition	0
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	0
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and	1
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken	0
emptiness and	0
black indomitability	0
feature-length	1
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it	0
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	0
a terrific b movie --	1
these women 's souls right open	1
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb	0
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess	0
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty	1
dared	1
many clichés	0
have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again	0
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay	0
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and	0
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters	1
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --	1
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who	0
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike	0
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	1
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned	1
as a film director , labute continues to improve .	1
entirely improvised	0
a monopoly on mindless action	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '	1
best animated	1
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold	1
is competent	1
has been overexposed ,	0
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...	1
downright comically evil	0
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
its make-believe promise of life	0
brutally clueless	0
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement	1
slap her	0
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
as a comedy	1
the script 's flaws	0
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics	1
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by )	0
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around	1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	0
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary ,	1
of our respect	1
dramedy '	1
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,	1
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
is particularly impressive	1
is n't that funny	0
with a core of decency	1
with lots of somber blues and pinks	0
timid parsing	0
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life	1
summery	1
dirty	0
gently political	1
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
very well shot or	1
worthwhile environmental message	1
critics be damned .	1
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal	1
, low-budget constraints	0
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
you feel like a sucker	0
a perfect medium	1
intelligent humor	1
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
gooeyness	0
sulky	0
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators	1
alienated	0
imperfect	0
remarkably faithful one	1
impossible to care about	0
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
generally a huge fan	1
thanks to great performances	1
jagjit	0
filter out the complexity	1
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
great team	1
a charming but slight comedy	1
pretty	1
the idiocy of its last frames	0
trembling and gratitude	1
unexplainable	0
attempts , in vain	0
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous	0
idiotic court maneuvers	0
almost unbearably	0
starts off witty and sophisticated and you	1
half-step	0
strike a chord	1
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point	0
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
does n't so much phone in his performance as	0
is suitably elegant	1
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
are odd and pixilated and	0
its story	1
naturally funny	1
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar	0
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	1
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery	1
may not be a great piece of filmmaking	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	1
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is	0
b-movie category	0
the thinness of its characterizations	0
painfully flat	0
welcome perspective	1
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight	1
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller	1
the guys still feels counterproductive	0
the upscale lifestyle	1
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
as i 'm the one that i want	1
begins on a high note and	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	1
witty and	1
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark	0
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	1
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
, the acting is robotically italicized ,	0
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
fascinating examination	1
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
story is almost an afterthought	0
the pushiness and decibel volume	0
really , really stupid	0
of love and companionship	1
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic	1
contrived as this may sound	0
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but	0
a moving , if uneven , success .	1
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie	0
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .	0
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails	1
, evelyn comes from the heart .	1
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
going to jell	1
good and	1
is all over the place	0
a classical dramatic animated feature	1
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice	1
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
a really funny movie	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy	1
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
humorous , illuminating study	1
that suck the audience in	1
an electric pencil sharpener	1
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun	0
unfunny and	0
virtuosic set pieces	1
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
charm , generosity and diplomacy	1
the hastily and amateurishly	0
forged in still-raw emotions	1
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police	0
watching your favorite pet get buried alive	0
a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
a thinking man 's monster movie	1
cold , nervy and memorable .	1
really bad imitation	0
silliness	0
a different movie -- sometimes tedious --	0
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart	1
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus	0
in the mind of the killer	1
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )	1
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs	1
creating the characters who surround frankie	0
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance	0
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be ,	1
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor	1
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love	1
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy	0
bottom-of-the-bill	0
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking	0
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll	1
sumptuous stream	1
seems to be coasting .	0
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable	0
a vivid personality	1
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life	1
for the earnest emotional core	1
it 's just too dry and too placid	0
of that special fishy community	1
the cleverness ,	1
have otherwise been bland and	0
it lacks the detail of the book	0
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film	1
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling	0
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
revelation	1
that already knows it 's won	1
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line	0
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy	0
high note	1
is well worthwhile .	1
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief	1
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
he creates	1
mind crappy movies	0
respect	1
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action	0
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips	0
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers	1
the burning sensation	1
a fascinating little thriller	1
no charm ,	0
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you	0
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
more than satisfactory	1
looks elsewhere	0
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,	1
the disjointed	0
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost	0
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	0
gets vivid performances from her cast and	1
an attraction that crosses sexual identity	1
is generally amusing from time to time	1
almost as offensive	0
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	0
something really good	1
of the jokes , most at women 's expense	0
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia	1
delicious and delicately	1
sketchiest	0
overwhelming waste	0
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	1
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated	0
the by now intolerable morbidity	0
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment	0
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals	1
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	0
new favorite musical	1
frequently misses the mark	0
disappointment coming	0
fascinating but flawed look	1
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing	0
talent and wit	1
leave you cold	0
and mind-numbing indifference	0
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success	1
repetitious	0
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy	0
mishandled	0
humanism	1
just like a splendid meal	1
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	0
kids-and-family-oriented	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world	1
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	0
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special	0
films crammed with movie references	0
vivid imagination	1
well-paced and	1
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
gay porn film	0
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
farts , urine , feces ,	0
wheedling reluctant witnesses	0
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	1
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own	1
bring you into the characters	1
high-octane thriller	1
for instance , good things happen to bad people	0
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from	1
an exclamation point	1
many a hollywood romance	1
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool	0
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	0
cerebral and cinemantic flair	1
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	0
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
a psychological mystery	1
bluster and cliché	0
a bland , surfacey way	0
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad	1
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
seems manufactured to me and artificial	0
keep people going in this crazy life	1
the film 's appeal	1
dismally	0
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism	0
no good answer to that one	0
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	0
will be two hours gained	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,	0
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires	1
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk	1
plodding teen remake	0
most of its ilk	0
horribly wrong	0
is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation	0
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese	1
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	0
martha enormously endearing	1
preachy and clichéd	0
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard	1
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you	1
beyond all expectation	1
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
of bible parables and not an actual story	0
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits	0
you feel guilty about it	0
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	0
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
anything but frustrating , boring , and	1
is that it goes nowhere	0
is in trouble	0
surprisingly decent flick	1
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	0
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge	0
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us	1
spiritual	1
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals	1
ludicrous terms	0
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	0
as a castrated	0
like brosnan 's performance	1
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal	0
you 'll like promises .	1
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
call this film a lump of coal	0
be baffled	0
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	0
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste	1
should catch this imax offering .	1
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
scenes and vistas and pretty moments	1
disappointments i	0
a predictable , manipulative stinker .	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film	1
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	0
as well as a masterfully made one	1
be captivated ,	1
it looks like an action movie , but	0
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .	1
most devastating	0
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	0
impresses	1
fitting	1
tacky nonsense	0
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns	0
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling	1
chronically mixed signals	0
the strange horror of life	0
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period	0
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde	1
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau	0
all the bad things	0
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated	0
one mediocre movie	0
oscar-nominated documentary	1
things interesting	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,	1
performers who rarely work in movies now	1
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors	0
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	0
not-so-small problem	0
is worth the price of admission .	1
an all-around good time at the movies this summer	1
the very top rank	1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	1
in by the sympathetic characters	1
, and better	1
it was n't horrible either	1
at how clever it 's being	1
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	1
overdoing	0
reveals itself	1
so bleak	0
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost	1
warm	1
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago	0
had more to do with imagination than market research	1
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	1
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that	0
a summertime look-see	1
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
decent material	1
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life	0
that george lucas can only dream of	1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	1
flat as a spoof	0
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	1
that trademark grin of his --	1
a joyous communal festival of rhythm	1
utter lack	0
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics	1
` ace ventura ' rip-off	0
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .	1
of the qualities that made the first film so special	1
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him	1
pleasant enough -- and	1
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
baked	1
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it	1
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
deflated as he does	0
the ideas tie together beautifully	1
real film	1
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's	0
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	0
exceptional lead performances	1
washed away	0
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	0
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine	1
feature-length running time	1
breezy movie	1
, unforced	1
credible gender-provoking philosophy	1
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers	1
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas	1
i hated myself in the morning .	0
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in	1
easy sanctimony	0
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band	1
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum	0
art-house to the core	1
of delightful hand shadows	1
increasingly incoherent	0
questionable satirical ambivalence	0
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew	1
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say	0
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	0
take on the soullessness of work	1
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film	1
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air	1
flamboyant style	1
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions	1
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue	1
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles	1
your ego	1
a step further ,	1
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode	0
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned	0
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence	1
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	1
that tears welled up in my eyes both times	1
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
rashomon-for-dipsticks	0
really , save your disgust and your indifference	0
film buzz and whir	1
if not a home run , then at least	1
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness	1
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
satisfaction	1
children	1
has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
how bad it is	0
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music	1
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie	0
wonderful	1
offbeat humor , amusing characters ,	1
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem	1
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	0
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams	0
delectable	1
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	0
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers	1
paper-thin supporting characters	0
lead performances	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup	0
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	1
so you can get your money back	0
grandeur ' shots	1
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy	0
without resorting to camp or parody	1
rollicking	1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas	0
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story	0
dullness	0
of the best short story writing	1
cool visual backmasking )	1
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope	1
thanks to a small star with big heart	1
was funny	1
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	1
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor	1
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone	0
more bizarre than	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,	1
a way that verges on the amateurish	0
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia	0
drowning 's too good for this sucker .	0
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine	0
more plot	1
fantasti	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
top-notch	1
that the final product is a ghost	0
wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	1
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
unique , well-crafted psychological study	1
immersive powers	1
poor	0
deserves , at the very least ,	1
one lousy movie .	0
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout	1
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
in the characters you see	1
will probably	1
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them	0
a good noir	1
film school brat	0
aging sandeman	0
sly , sophisticated and surprising	1
a great writer	1
passionate	1
the elements were all there	1
much funnier than anything	1
trouble	0
a besotted and obvious drama	0
as grand as the lord of the rings	1
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability	1
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick	0
this movie worth seeing	1
fun of me	1
a film so cold and dead	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but	1
construct a story	1
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special	1
the everyday lives	1
likely to induce sleep than fright	0
openness , the little surprises	1
a riveting story	1
troubling and powerful .	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	0
the company 's astonishing growth	1
lacks the skill or presence	0
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements	1
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure	1
with a teeth-clenching gusto	1
furious	0
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
than the real thing	1
that storytelling has value can not be denied .	1
ultimately lifeless	0
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life	1
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy	1
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks	0
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long	0
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip	1
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop	0
meandering , low on energy ,	0
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy	0
excellent 90-minute film	1
he 's afraid of his best-known creation	0
confessions is n't always coherent ,	0
you 've got a huge mess	0
hazy	0
feces	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and	0
is , in a word , brilliant	1
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	0
the cat 's meow	1
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday	1
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	1
genuine rather than pandering	1
a deep bow	1
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world	1
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids	0
wonderful life	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out	1
slapdash mess	0
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
on an intoxicating show	1
generates little narrative momentum , and	0
bite	0
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
xmas	1
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich ,	1
his promise	1
rent this on video	1
holds up	1
thoughtful and	1
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film	0
of a physician who needs to heal himself	0
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,	1
a gentle film	1
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
endearing and easy	1
lightweight meaning	0
where its recent predecessor miserably	0
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up	0
teen-sleaze	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less	1
not all that bad of a movie	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ;	0
reality tv obsession	0
he 's the god of second chances '	1
more mature	1
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
an impressive job	1
scrutinize	0
generate enough heat	1
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones	1
cinematic art	1
's all quite tasteful to look at	1
is amazing ,	1
most impressive	1
cheap , graceless , hackneyed	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary	1
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction	1
solemn pretension	0
sobering , heart-felt drama	1
powerful and provocative	1
often-hilarious	1
, brutally clueless	0
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming	1
a solid , unassuming drama .	1
the english call ` too clever by half	1
high standards	1
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with	0
settles too easily	0
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
a love story as sanguine as its title	1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
struggled	0
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	0
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness	0
delirious fun .	1
spellbinding	1
missing a beat	0
how far herzog has fallen	0
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie	1
wise , wizened	1
is n't heated	0
her presence succeeds in making us believe	1
get out your pooper-scoopers .	0
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself	1
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy	0
expected it to be	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up	0
stands a good chance of being the big	1
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,	0
is just a little bit hard to love	0
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city	1
their enthusiasm	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough	1
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	1
meditative	1
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins	1
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
fresh air now and then	1
gasp , shudder	0
nazi politics and aesthetics	0
well-crafted letdown .	0
stinks from start	0
centers	1
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed	0
serves up all of that stuff	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
is the most visually unappealing .	0
keep watching the skies for his next project	1
his body	1
a brilliant movie	1
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
is good , except its timing .	1
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted	0
is familiar but enjoyable	1
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity	1
solid performances and	1
genuine and sweet	1
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once	0
own solemn insights	1
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
be bad	0
come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens	1
's on par with the first one	1
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery	0
a genuine dramatic impact	1
screams	0
lost his touch ,	0
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team	1
the most ravaging ,	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games	1
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
in a tasteful , intelligent manner	1
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
's hard to resist his enthusiasm	1
to care about	1
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	0
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together	1
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself	0
overly familiar scenario	0
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun	1
plodding ,	0
a moving and stark reminder	1
pulling on heartstrings	1
cute animals and	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings	0
the rut dug by the last one	0
agony	0
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
loss and loneliness	0
stay afloat	1
, his secret life will leave you thinking	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action	0
becomes a testament to faith	1
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated	1
that works	1
confident , richly	1
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan	0
dedicated artists	1
the most pitiful directing	0
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people	0
is n't entirely persuasive	0
in space , no one can hear you snore	0
that it 's far too sentimental	0
appreciation	1
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one	1
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn	0
it 's simply unbearable	0
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially	1
grinning	1
a sloppy slapstick	0
poetry , passion , and genius	1
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	1
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	1
the effort is sincere and	1
very compelling	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films	1
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play	1
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and	1
accomplishes	1
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise	1
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel	0
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,	1
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns	0
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and	0
great credit	1
hell-jaunt	0
it 's an ambitious film	1
terrorist	0
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	1
a couple of burnt-out cylinders	0
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
is his best film	1
terminally brain dead production .	0
loose , unaccountable direction	0
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice	1
are poorly delivered	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and	1
the excruciating end	0
static set ups ,	0
the four feathers comes up short	0
misguided	0
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism	1
darling	1
with imbecilic mafia	0
off witty and sophisticated	1
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters	1
think of a film more cloyingly	1
( tsai 's ) masterpiece	1
it 's in danger of going wrong	0
a real writer plot	1
enjoyed it just	1
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	0
ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat	0
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
starts off so bad	0
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	0
south park	1
revolutionary	1
through this picture i was beginning to hate it	0
hot	1
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller	1
spirit is a visual treat ,	1
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore	0
a whole heap	0
a story about intelligent high school	1
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy	1
sit in neutral	0
love in the time of money	1
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	0
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
anchoring	1
aimlessness	0
they used to anymore	1
but oddly compelling	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	0
begins as a seven rip-off	0
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	1
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air	1
you 're willing to have fun with it	1
amiable and committed	1
a scrooge or two	0
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that	0
an engaging storyline ,	1
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	1
a serious movie with serious ideas	1
hence , storytelling is far more appealing	1
the misery	0
loved the look of this film .	1
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic	0
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein	0
strongest and	1
take credit for most of the movie 's success	1
rich and intelligent	1
a grating	0
cedar 's	1
vacuous	0
many good ideas	1
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	0
inept direction ,	0
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos .	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket	1
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	0
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking	1
comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile	1
clever ideas	1
a fairly slow paced	0
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
as the worst kind of hubristic folly	0
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast	0
an elegant and sly deadpan	1
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	0
predictable at every turn	0
`` crazy ''	0
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. --	1
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
's hard to stop watching	1
a sumptuous work	1
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	1
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
does seem pretty unbelievable at times	0
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half	1
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count	0
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients	0
comic chiller	1
cyndi lauper	0
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects	1
its extremely languorous rhythms ,	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life	1
a grating ,	0
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions	1
delicate , clever direction	1
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well	0
funniest film	1
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
deeply affecting film	1
do n't blame eddie murphy but	0
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
particularly memorable effect	1
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents	0
they have been patiently waiting for	1
for their acting chops , but for their looks	0
hideously twisted	0
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing	1
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
frustrates and	0
charismatic	1
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
a muddy psychological thriller	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family	1
well-meant but unoriginal	0
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel	1
manages to be even worse than its title	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther ,	0
genial but never inspired , and little	0
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	1
some special qualities and	1
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
is just sooooo tired .	0
seems endless .	0
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
through the audience 's meat grinder one more	0
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	1
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants	1
's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
conflict	0
offers chills	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time	0
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	1
the script 's endless assault	0
uncluttered , resonant gem	1
its unerring respect for them	1
lively songs	1
freeman ca n't save it	0
what an embarrassment .	0
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
a breadth of vision	1
make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
a rollicking good time for the most part	1
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story	0
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
tear-drenched quicksand	0
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again	0
this elegant entertainment	1
and immature character	0
drama , conflict , tears and surprise --	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
an unbelievably stupid film	0
a movie ever could be	1
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .	0
' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	1
best and most mature comedy	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
a completely honest , open-hearted film	1
a war tribute	1
is the opposite of a truly magical movie	0
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one	0
as delicately calibrated in tone	1
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
witty , vibrant , and intelligent	1
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
of important developments of the computer industry	1
that is revelatory	1
be an astronaut	1
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	0
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original	1
absolutely and completely ridiculous and	0
gimmicky	1
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
resident evil	1
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone	1
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical	0
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role	1
seems to remain an unchanged dullard	0
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously	1
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	1
must have been lost in the mail	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options	1
one of the best , most	1
a sugar-coated rocky	0
less than	0
big stars and high production values are standard procedure	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film	0
never feels draggy	1
seeing himself in the other ,	1
making this character understandable ,	1
thoughtless ,	0
auto-critique	0
reassuringly familiar	1
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier	1
a balanced film	1
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	0
remarkably insightful	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve	1
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
a vivid imagination and an impressive style	1
the characters seem one-dimensional	0
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
told , with superb performances throughout	1
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us	1
tries for more .	0
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string	1
as unoriginal	0
handed down	0
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	1
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing	1
wo n't be sitting through this one again	0
i liked about schmidt a lot	1
every bit as imperious	0
makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and	1
meshes in this elegant entertainment	1
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
like a great missed opportunity	0
ayatollah	1
a bad premise , just a bad movie	0
flows as naturally	1
good for the goose	1
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
joyous	1
a touching reflection	1
ability to shock and amaze	1
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate	1
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism	0
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
big , dumb action movie	0
well-meaning , beautifully produced film	1
sad , sick sight	0
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences	0
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service	0
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad	0
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	0
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	1
so awful	0
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	0
charming and quirky	1
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
tear your eyes away	0
grating and tedious	0
's really just another major league .	0
a perfect show	1
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond	1
deepest recesses	0
however	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out	0
, it 's just grating	0
should be as entertaining as it is	1
its botches	0
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
gently tedious in its comedy	0
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb	1
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history	1
a measure of style	1
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be	0
the timeless spectacle	1
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture	0
is a weirdly beautiful place	1
but it was n't .	0
the plot has a number of holes	0
the surprise ending	1
the values of knowledge , education , and the	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	0
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book	0
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness	1
's awfully entertaining	1
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish	0
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and	0
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
without oppressive	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work ,	1
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but	0
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen	1
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	0
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name	0
the movie is certainly not number 1	0
visually	1
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
resourceful	1
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy	0
a lobotomy	0
the barriers finally prove to be too great	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''	1
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form	1
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story	1
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it	0
cagney 's ` top of the world '	1
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .	0
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end	1
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
old bad trip	0
either 11 times too many or else too few	0
unrewarding collar	0
it 's definitely worth taking a look	1
their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential	0
some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok	0
crisp framing	1
and choppy recycling	0
grand-scale	1
the general 's	1
of this dog of a movie	0
hard-won	1
the place where a masterpiece should be	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy	0
in their recklessness	0
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	1
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation	0
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well	0
touching movie	1
striking and	1
's not very interesting	0
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe	0
unforgivingly	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales	1
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
is wonderful	1
the insanity	0
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	1
cynical	0
an adrenaline boost	1
a lovely film ...	1
bold	1
miss congeniality	1
when you instantly know whodunit	0
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	0
most disappointing	0
vivid with color , music and life	1
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age	1
shapeless documentary	0
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind	1
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez	0
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life	1
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
derived from a lobotomy ,	0
the story has its redundancies , and	0
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life	1
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains	1
is all over the place , really	0
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt	1
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip	0
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
was n't all that great to begin with	0
the music makes a nice album	1
slickly	1
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
their contrast	1
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair	1
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies	1
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds	1
would sink laurence olivier	0
deadeningly	0
natural running time	1
easy to like	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze	1
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected	0
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie	0
stupidity	0
to its clever what-if concept	1
huge-screen	1
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch	0
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,	1
misfiring	0
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson	1
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece	1
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	0
the bizarre is credible	1
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor	1
to light	1
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph	1
pack your knitting needles .	0
reek of a script	0
peak	1
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd	0
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience	1
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel	1
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones	1
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john	0
dialogue and preposterous moments	0
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable	1
another tired old vision	0
collapses under its own meager weight	0
the most offensive action	0
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness	1
is a mediocre movie trying to get out	0
the film 's ill-considered notion	0
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious	1
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
really , really good things can come in enormous packages	1
convey a tiny sense of hope	1
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy	0
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
the problem	0
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
a good shot	1
that fails to make adequate	0
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances	1
plodding mess	0
, this is the one .	1
is a beautiful film to watch	1
as unusually and unimpressively fussy	0
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control	1
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head	0
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
drag two-thirds through ,	0
comic voice	1
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook	0
uniformly superb	1
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut .	1
material this rich	1
a lot of energy	1
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time	0
fairly impressive debut	1
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,	0
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	0
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes	0
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness	1
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler	1
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting	0
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	0
often imaginative	1
it 's icky .	0
their quirky inner selves	1
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school	0
succumbing to sentimentality	0
left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
grand a failure	0
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise	0
's impossible to shake .	0
's a lot to recommend read my lips	1
like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	1
nair 's attention to detail	1
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera	1
a pleasant piece	1
deft comic timing	1
the satire is weak .	0
dreary tale of middle-class angst	0
a played-out idea	0
an unsettling sight	0
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry	1
a respectable new one	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	1
unbalanced mixture	0
shoplifts	0
any after-school special you can imagine	1
easier to digest	1
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito	0
are made for each other .	1
beautifully shot , but	1
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest	1
have all but ruined his career	0
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show	0
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film	1
unshapely	0
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
a choppy ending	0
like a splendid meal	1
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one	0
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing	1
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
is the best he 's been in years	1
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	0
a real winner	1
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with	0
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears	1
tormented by his heritage	0
rollerball left us cold	0
panic	0
of surprises	1
did n't know what kind of movie they were making	0
becomes increasingly implausible as it races	0
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort	1
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film	0
an incredibly layered and stylistic film	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot	1
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
it must be the end of the world :	0
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching	1
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks	0
of promise	1
want to see over and over again	1
far less sophisticated	0
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be	0
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable	1
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy	0
delusions	0
, boredom never takes hold .	1
, snide and prejudice .	0
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew	1
to find the small , human moments	1
a good idea	1
impressive talent	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	0
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time	0
between the artificial structure	0
a bad film	0
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats	1
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways	1
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare	0
most famous	1
, energetic and smart	1
be part of	1
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
it 's good enough to be the purr	1
happiness	1
swallow thanks to remarkable performances	1
a smart comedy	1
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth	1
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .	0
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as	0
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script	0
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion	1
argue	0
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
, pathetic , starving and untalented	0
an ungainly movie ,	0
the worst of their shallow styles	0
brilliantly played	1
ca n't recommend it enough .	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
ugly ideas	0
siren	0
whiny and	0
fluffy and disposible	0
is that its own action is n't very effective .	0
has severe body odor	0
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
borderline insulting	0
thoughtful , visually graceful	1
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure	1
succeeded	1
the film 's creepy	0
apparent joy	1
better than its predecessor	1
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking	0
is just as boring and as obvious	0
very well shot or composed or edited	1
good humor	1
, energetic and original	1
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
lacking any sense of commitment to or	0
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film	0
repressed	0
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited	0
becomes a bit of a mishmash	0
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
visually striking and slickly staged	1
... hokey art house pretension .	0
very slow , uneventful	0
its execution and skill	1
cartoonish performance	0
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in	1
is more fun than conan the barbarian	1
unsatisfying ending	0
is n't one true ` chan moment '	0
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity	0
savvy	1
visual splendor that can be seen in other films	1
dehumanizing	0
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look	1
the comic opportunities richly rewarded	1
very amusing	1
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while	1
a wonderful ensemble cast	1
the funniest motion	1
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow	0
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
the director at his most sparkling	1
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor	1
interesting matters of identity and heritage	1
has popped up with more mindless drivel	0
how inseparable the two are	1
certainly was n't feeling any of it	0
the humor and humanity	1
obsessive	0
was utterly charming	1
excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year	0
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
returns with a chase to end all chases	1
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
's plenty to enjoy	1
truly is life affirming	1
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	0
it promised it would be	1
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project	0
comes from the heart .	1
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
more likely to induce sleep than fright	0
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor	1
a mobius strip	1
from squirming in their seats	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .	0
in its perfect quiet pace	1
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises	0
humorless	0
sensitive acting	1
of torture and self-mutilation	0
a very valuable film	1
immature and unappealing	0
many excesses	0
with actorish notations on the margin of acting	0
the six-time winner	1
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline	0
better than the fiction	1
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed	1
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities	0
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original	0
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
timeless and	1
one regards reign of fire with awe .	1
sharp writing	1
hitchcock 's	1
dizzy	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .	0
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture	1
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time	0
very bad scouse accents	0
endorses	1
, involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
celebratory	1
a shakespearean tragedy	0
an intermittently good time	1
past love story derisions	0
a superlative b movie --	1
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
gives it a buoyant delivery	1
sprightly	1
too many flashbacks	0
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility	0
character portrait , romantic comedy	1
tepid and	0
very handsomely produced let-down	0
a poignant comedy	1
's just tediously bad	0
fun	1
unlaughable	0
provide insight	1
unwatchable	0
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle	0
limited but enthusiastic	1
your least favorite	0
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen	1
jovial	1
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
delivers .	1
using them as punching bags	0
editing and pompous references	0
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but	1
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made	1
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	1
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
b-movie	0
it 's plotless , shapeless	0
zero compelling storyline	0
spectacle and pacing	1
above its disgusting source material	1
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up	0
is good	1
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes	0
wannabe-hip crime comedy	0
mean things	0
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure	1
breezy blend	1
tossed off	0
stench	0
attractive about this movie	1
fluid , no-nonsense authority	1
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,	1
drags the film	0
, lifeless	0
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references	1
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire	0
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
finery	1
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	1
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes	1
ridiculous	0
sillier	1
the film is well-crafted	1
some outrageously creative action	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
cluelessness	0
mean-spirited film	0
delightfully cheeky	1
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	0
a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week	1
this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
depressing than entertaining	0
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
oversexed , at times	0
as tawdry trash	0
technically proficient	1
combined with stunning animation .	1
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	0
with such provocative material	1
that believing in something does matter	1
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,	1
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
gets a lot of flavor and spice	1
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers	0
anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
thoroughly enjoyable .	1
sweet , charming tale	1
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	0
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot	0
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay	0
enough clever and unexpected	1
for the ridicule factor	0
full of surprises .	1
a genial romance	1
unfunny and unoriginal mess	0
achieve	1
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) ,	1
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit	0
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film	1
muddled drama	0
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic	0
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year	0
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film	0
in praise of love	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside	1
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
deft and subtle	1
holland lets things peter out midway , but	0
to keep the film entertaining	1
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	1
enthusiasm ,	1
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom	0
mr. polanski is in his element here :	1
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely	0
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	1
hurts to watch	0
works because reno	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading	1
too predictable and far too cliched	0
a finely written	1
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	0
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors	1
vowing ,	1
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless	0
wears its empowerment	1
dud from frame one	0
a portrait of alienation so perfect ,	1
more simply intrusive to the story	0
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire	1
such a well loved classic	1
especially clever	1
's why sex and lucia is so alluring	1
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity	1
the film can depress you about life itself .	0
it lacks in outright newness	0
it 's still damn funny stuff	1
the saturday morning cartoons	1
affectionately	1
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory	0
an epic of astonishing grandeur	1
true talent	1
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant	1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be	0
another unoriginal run	0
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	0
fun to watch	1
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	0
finely tuned	1
general absurdity	0
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche	0
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or	0
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory	1
i was beginning to hate it	0
of this reactionary thriller	1
's the element of condescension ,	0
is both stimulating and demanding	1
but unmemorable	0
truly distinctive	1
go wrong	0
look bad	0
same old story	0
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
forced to follow	0
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and	1
a fine documentary	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary	1
win a wide summer audience	1
decent drama/action flick	1
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists	0
this wild welsh whimsy	1
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	1
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
ai n't art ,	0
elegantly appointed	1
very very strong `` b +	1
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes	0
anti-feminist	0
gender-bending comedy	1
sensation	1
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors	1
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
combined with the misconceived final 5	0
quite touching	1
a provocateur	1
fluidity and sense	1
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
eerily accurate depiction of depression .	0
is honestly affecting	1
this mess of a movie	0
saw how bad this movie was	0
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy	1
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
satisfying niblet	1
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine	0
fluffy neo-noir	0
which may be why it works as well as it does	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,	1
he wants you to feel something	1
awfulness	0
passion and attitude	1
are so spot on	1
foul up	0
churn out one mediocre movie	0
in tight pants and big tits	0
it 's too long	0
pokemon 4ever	1
a stunning new young talent in one	1
downbeat	0
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them	1
aground	0
a polished and vastly entertaining caper	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear	1
gets drawn into the party .	1
credible	1
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
killer	0
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie	0
infectious enthusiasm	1
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal ,	1
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images	1
amused by the idea	1
a wry , affectionate delight	1
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema	1
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
the wonder of mostly martha	1
no level whatsoever	0
watch and -- especially -- to listen to	1
intelligent movie	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	0
would do better elsewhere .	0
( and funnier	1
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,	0
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second	0
is a good one	1
vivid characters and a warm , moving message	1
and utterly pointless	0
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests	1
stuffy and	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	0
the expressive power	1
moving and solidly entertaining	1
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror	1
lavish period scenery	1
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic	1
a real charmer	1
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise	0
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	0
the sword fighting is well done	1
shimmeringly lovely	1
contrived , awkward	0
one of the worst films of 2002 .	0
rises to a higher level	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder	1
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy	0
a gentle , unforced intimacy	1
than a mall movie designed to kill time	0
drag audience enthusiasm	0
a sentimental hybrid	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	1
( including a knockout of a closing line )	1
uncharted depths	1
it should be poignant	1
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .	1
sane and healthy	1
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original	1
outstanding soundtrack	1
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	0
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks	0
intelligent and	1
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here	0
that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material	0
choose to skip it	0
manages to bring something new into the mix	1
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough	1
done , so primitive in technique ,	0
much imagination	1
most substantial feature for some time	1
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved	0
biography channel	1
bright future	1
his craft	1
and a terrible story	0
cleverness	1
leon	1
it 's great cinematic polemic	1
a dream is a wish your heart makes	1
totally estranged from reality	0
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters	1
string	1
invites unflattering comparisons	0
seems endless	1
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller	1
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices	1
chokes	0
possesses its own languorous charm .	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it	1
seem irritatingly transparent	0
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
manic and energetic	1
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness	1
not engaging	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama	1
chimes in on the grieving process and	1
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident	0
's splash without the jokes	0
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	0
soulless jumble	0
emotionally distant piece	0
best forgotten	0
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries	1
an equally assured narrative coinage	1
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity	0
well-executed spy-thriller .	1
one of the finest	1
hollywood pipeline	0
is rotten in the state of california	0
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	0
, riveting and handsomely	1
a wonderful , imaginative script	1
can usually be traced back to the little things	1
does not make for much of a movie .	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and	1
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters	0
like horrible poetry	0
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism	0
a head-turner	1
, gritty , sometimes funny	1
a coherent rhythm going	1
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in	1
graceless and ugly	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say	1
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers	1
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,	1
hate	0
self-determination	1
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	1
grasping actors ' workshop that it is	0
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age	0
it 's drab .	0
's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
's not scary , not smart and not engaging	0
it is n't that funny	0
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
hilarious writer-director himself	1
injects freshness and spirit	1
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life	0
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made	0
fierce	1
deeply pessimistic	0
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration	1
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	1
a satisfying kids flck	1
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
would tax einstein 's brain	0
car to drive through	1
food	1
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity	1
powerful emotional wallop	1
a naturally funny film	1
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	1
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny	0
for some robust and scary entertainment	1
pure	1
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored	1
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting	1
ambiguities that make it well worth watching	1
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	0
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
slow , uneventful	0
three-hour cinema master class .	1
a talented director	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )	1
sucked up all	0
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
abrasive	0
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
stay away .	0
emotionally and spiritually compelling	1
win you over , in a big way	1
-- and disposable story	0
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
its originality	1
hot and the john wayne classics	1
do justice	1
warmth to go around , with music and laughter	1
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent	0
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind	1
funny yet	1
as emotionally grand	1
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	0
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	1
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre	1
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ...	1
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't	1
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	0
an underdone potato	0
, i hate it .	0
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
cannon 's confidence and	1
woefully dull	0
deviant	0
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time	1
a fascinating curiosity piece	1
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable	0
, save your disgust and your indifference	0
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
cuteness	1
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers	1
purdy	1
immersed	1
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	0
a deft	1
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter	0
a clever exercise	1
half the excitement of balto	0
crass and insulting	0
feels like a prison stretch .	0
french coming-of-age import	1
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment	1
luridly graphic and	0
that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	0
genuine insight	1
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady	1
a faster paced family flick .	1
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri	0
if it were n't silly	0
a consistent tone	1
catches dramatic fire .	1
multi-layered and profoundly	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
chillingly	1
the most moronic screenplays	0
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
appears not to have been edited at all	0
a grand picture	1
cell phones , guns , and	1
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding	0
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and	0
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all	1
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter	1
a huge disappointment coming ,	0
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability	1
delightful entree	1
is little else to recommend `` never again .	0
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but	0
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill	1
is repeated at least four times .	0
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal	1
solid	1
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
freedom	1
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	1
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house	1
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	0
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again	0
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	0
nice rhythm	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	0
comes together	1
oozing with attractive men	1
collapse	0
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female	0
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle	0
remembering this refreshing visit	1
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work	0
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast	0
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	0
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases	1
make the film relevant today ,	1
is always watchable .	1
invented to describe exactly how bad it is	0
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest	1
is losing his touch	0
live the mood	1
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish	0
a genre-curling crime story	1
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	1
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,	0
see it .	1
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy	1
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	0
layered , well-developed characters and	1
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks	1
a doubt	0
happy ending	1
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing	0
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free	0
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries	0
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films	1
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty	1
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with	0
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error	0
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare	0
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit	0
throwing up	0
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,	0
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .	1
elegant	1
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such	0
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys	1
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
extraordinary faith	1
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay	0
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
violent , vulgar and forgettably	0
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	0
remarkable because it	1
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .	1
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor	0
the thrown-together feel	0
rollicking dark humor	1
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo	0
sublimely beautiful	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich	1
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	0
as big a crowdpleaser as	1
the road to perdition	1
without any redeeming value whatsoever	0
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	0
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers	0
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator	0
patience	1
rings false .	0
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	0
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
enjoyable comedy	1
personified in the film 's simple title	0
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,	0
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters	1
desert	0
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s	0
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important	1
ultimately empty	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	0
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer	0
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches	0
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee	0
that assumes you are n't very bright	0
a trifle flat	0
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold	1
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back	1
cheap	0
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
this pathetic junk	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else	0
uniqueness	1
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights	1
hilariously , gloriously alive	1
sluggish , tonally uneven	0
's all the stronger because of it	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,	0
is a filmmaker of impressive talent	1
big shear	1
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film	0
that rare movie	1
pleasant	1
melancholic	0
very best	1
with a smile on your face	1
salvos hitting a discernible target .	1
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''	0
puts history in perspective	1
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	1
prescribed	1
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy	0
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project	1
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,	1
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen	1
slopped ` em together here	0
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	0
appropriate comic buttons	1
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull	0
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	0
unbearably beautiful	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol	0
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty	1
can comfortably hold	1
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
's really so appealing about the characters	1
clever makeup design	1
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	0
you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to	1
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent	0
fire a torpedo	1
plodding action sequences	0
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get	0
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches	0
made a movie that is n't just offensive	0
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern	1
sags	0
the most ordinary and obvious fashion	0
enjoyable ...	1
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them	0
take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
the greatest films	1
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic	1
most brilliant	1
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia	1
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film	0
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days	0
with such confidence	1
scenes all end in someone screaming	0
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
ai n't art , by a long shot	0
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting	0
, it finds a nice rhythm .	1
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it	0
date-night diversion	1
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
you second-guess your affection for the original	0
beautifully shot ,	1
but no-nonsense human beings they are and	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe	1
some glimpses of nature and family warmth	1
and verbal clichés	0
creepy atmosphere	0
a calculating fiend or	0
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
the relationships were wonderful	1
is not only a pianist , but a good human being	1
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar	1
action hero performances	1
please history fans	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but	0
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	0
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough	1
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one	1
immensely ambitious ,	1
condescending	0
dramatic arc	1
of the best and most exciting movies	1
a way that few movies have ever approached	1
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
family dynamics	1
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in	1
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '	0
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
showcases a group of dedicated artists	1
this film : honest	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication	1
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure	0
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer	1
a pleasing way with a metaphor	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short ,	0
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults	1
the vampires	1
call it a work of art	1
startling story	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast	0
are both superb	1
insightful and entertaining	1
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt	1
in the media	0
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience	1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	1
phenomenal performances	1
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez	0
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
teddy bears ' picnic ranks	1
underdone	0
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming	0
unsubtle	0
generosity	1
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here	0
the stunt work is top-notch ;	1
sweet-tempered	1
channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine	0
is entertaining .	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...	0
oddly sweet comedy	1
funny film	1
of our best actors	1
loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version	1
a too-conscientious adaptation	0
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
i did n't laugh .	0
the intricate preciseness	1
its heart ,	1
heaven	1
you feel like a chump	0
a family-oriented non-disney film	1
reveals itself slowly ,	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense	0
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	1
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years	1
the story goes nowhere	0
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies	1
sleek	1
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
eroti-comedy	0
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress	0
with superb performances throughout	1
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
destructive	0
viva le resistance	1
jaw-droppingly beautiful work	1
pretty damned funny	1
luminous interviews	1
will talk about for hours .	1
altered	1
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,	1
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	1
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies	0
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack	0
, it does n't even seem like she tried .	0
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid	1
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally	0
b movies	0
yale grad	1
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
a minor-league soccer remake	0
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary	1
to entertain or inspire its viewers	1
psychological case study	1
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
do n't even bother to rent this on video .	0
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain	0
off too far	0
the ` laughing	1
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do	1
greatest pictures	1
little too obvious ,	0
a weird fizzle	0
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	1
everyone , especially movie musical fans	1
is definitely worth	1
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery	1
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching	1
a classic theater piece	1
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .	1
its crapulence	0
turns out to be affected and boring	0
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful	1
a sweet	1
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	0
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever	0
into melancholia	0
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance	1
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship	1
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and	1
a pleasing way	1
powerful and telling story	1
a mean-spirited film	0
buddy cop comedy	1
by a self-indulgent script	0
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent	1
a crowdpleaser	1
a whole lot of nada	0
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea	1
simple in form but rich with human events	1
funny and poignant	1
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies	1
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy	0
the cinematic canon ,	1
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises	0
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project	0
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage	1
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
all , a great party	1
right film	1
acute writing and a host of splendid performances	1
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry	1
be why it works as well as it does	1
lacks depth .	0
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	1
with a flimsy ending	0
smartly	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,	1
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself	1
believable mother/daughter pair	1
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
ignore	0
leaden as the movie sputters	0
seem fresh	1
weaves us into a complex web .	1
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions	1
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
humanistic	1
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
this dreary mess	0
most exciting action films	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting	1
putters	0
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
precious than perspicacious	1
audacity	0
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness	0
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles	1
muted	0
slightly wised-up kids	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels	1
's best	1
funny , sexy	1
a ghost story gone badly awry	0
are up to the task	1
of the tooth and claw of human power	1
a rather bland affair .	0
the wake of saving private ryan	1
prozac nation	0
fanboy	0
did we really need a remake of `` charade ?	0
the free-wheeling noir spirit	1
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	0
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
with motionless characters	0
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza	1
some episodes work , some do n't .	0
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	0
has value can not be denied .	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	1
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and	1
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced	0
silly and tedious	0
shakespeare	0
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players	1
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested	0
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure	0
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	1
why it works	1
keep you wide awake and	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,	0
despite its floating narrative	0
rely on an ambiguous presentation	0
best kind	1
a fine , focused piece of work	1
humor and lightness	1
unsentimental	0
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and	1
held hostage	0
are moments of hilarity to be had .	1
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days	1
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson	1
because they 're clueless and inept	0
expressive	1
honoring	1
had all its vital essence scooped	0
something rare and riveting :	1
its objective portrait	1
of hollywood fluff	0
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach	1
complaint	0
clueless	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	0
imbued with passion and attitude .	1
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality	1
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank	0
goes to absurd lengths	0
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
crystallize key plot moments	1
good dialogue	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist	1
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot	0
and vulgar innuendo	0
crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
bogging down	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
's definitely a step in the right direction	1
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and	1
wit and originality	1
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day	1
something fascinating	1
turns very dark and very funny	1
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack	0
the comic touch	1
surprisingly anemic disappointment	0
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists	0
repeated	0
its opening	1
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
the art direction is often exquisite	1
intensely romantic ,	1
vietnam war	0
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati	1
its emotional power and moments of revelation	1
coos beseechingly at you	1
does n't transcend genre	0
enigma lacks it .	0
sad and rote exercise	0
profoundly moving documentary	1
a charge of genuine excitement	1
put together with the preteen boy in mind	0
mixed results	0
of dramatic enlightenment	1
of emotional blandness	0
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory	1
a very charming and funny movie	1
deep intelligence	1
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture	1
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones	0
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
of joy and energy	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status	1
the worst possibilities of mankind	0
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken	1
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,	1
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title	0
watch the film	1
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
jokester highway patrolmen	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	1
right conditions	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and	1
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip	0
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
is a hoot ,	1
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead	0
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights	1
, avarice and damaged dreams	0
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow	0
smell the grease on the plot	1
well-conceived	1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	1
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was	0
tendentious	0
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored	0
profoundly stupid affair	0
belongs to nicholson	1
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half	1
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue	0
is a winner .	1
is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	0
environmental pollution ever made	0
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message	1
important movie	1
the face of death	0
give us real situations and characters	1
tanks	0
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge	0
ideal	1
clichés and borrowed images	0
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be	1
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
rip-off	0
itself is just sooooo tired .	0
are laughs aplenty	1
loosely tied	0
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
sinks	0
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities	1
barrie good time	1
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
an enormously entertaining movie	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had	0
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
shock-you-into-laughter	1
motivated by nothing	0
terrible events	0
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling	1
insightfully written	1
at its best	1
a light , fun cheese puff	1
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .	1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	0
a momentum that never lets up	1
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy	1
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom	0
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	0
has a tired , talky feel	0
meaningful	1
an empty exercise	0
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	1
and damaged dreams	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot	0
much dramatic impact	1
is nicely shot	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	1
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	0
the theater wondering why these people mattered	0
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films	0
unrelentingly grim --	0
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
last-minute	0
some delightful work on indie projects	1
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section	0
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
is forgettable	0
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief	1
his excellent cast	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off	0
a stiff	0
several scenes of this tacky nonsense	0
this strangely schizo cartoon	0
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet	0
a load of good	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short	0
to one of demme 's good films	1
it looks neat	1
wooden performances	0
a crescendo	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat	1
honest insight	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and	1
more holes than clyde barrow 's car	0
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but	0
is really funny	1
wildly overproduced ,	0
's nothing interesting in unfaithful	0
childlike dimness and	0
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
an oscar nomination	1
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	0
its unforced comedy-drama	1
a tragic dimension and	0
the off-center humor	1
to mention absolutely refreshed .	1
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	0
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep	1
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states	0
brought something fresher to the proceedings	1
a non-mystery mystery .	0
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	1
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s	1
appalling as any ` comedy '	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide	1
full well	1
all-time great apocalypse movies	1
those prone to indignation need not apply	0
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality	1
than franchise possibilities	1
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees	1
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted	1
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable	0
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael	1
an insultingly unbelievable final act	0
quirky iranian drama secret ballot	1
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it	0
rare	1
the same easy targets	0
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california	0
that 's where the film ultimately fails	0
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it	0
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances	0
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence	0
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	1
daring	1
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame	0
wickedly funny and just plain wicked	1
with first love sweetly	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected	1
, charismatic and tragically	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney	1
it with ring ,	1
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	0
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	0
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	1
jolts the laughs from the audience --	1
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up	0
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	1
weird	0
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	1
hardly seems worth the effort .	0
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	0
annoyed me most about god is great	0
instantly forgettable and	0
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made	1
looks genuinely pretty	1
full of cheesy dialogue ,	0
nonsensical and formulaic	0
runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny	0
venturesome	1
'll find in this dreary mess	0
lustrous polished	1
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch	1
worse than bland	0
wear thin with repetition	0
providing some good old fashioned spooks	1
is a children 's film in the truest sense	1
too erotic nor very thrilling	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and	1
redundant , sloppy	0
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this	0
so crazy !	1
the movie is all portent and no content	0
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers	1
such a mesmerizing one	1
a distinct rarity	1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out	1
funny , puzzling movie	1
whole package	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,	1
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves	0
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece	0
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films	1
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid	0
a skillful fisher	1
how the movie could be released in this condition	0
served up with heart and humor	1
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline	0
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless	0
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
the annoyance of that chatty fish	0
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message	1
painfully awful	0
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions	0
the true impact	1
see all summer	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves	1
sad to say	0
as bad as you think , and	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and	0
less a story	0
by humanity 's greatest shame	0
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies	0
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,	0
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
world war ii	1
be able to look away for a second	1
significantly different ( and better ) than most films	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and	1
from the dullest science fiction	0
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in	0
edward burns ' best film	1
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	1
from which no interesting concept can escape	0
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	0
a dullard	0
happy listening to movies	1
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time	0
a film 's title served such dire warning	0
honest and loving one	1
no quarter	0
become annoying and artificial	0
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little	1
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt	1
refined piece	1
succeeds in making us believe	1
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
this year 's very best pictures	1
really won my heart	1
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
that have reinvigorated the romance genre	1
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus	0
significantly better	1
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong	1
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
despair	0
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	0
big stars and high production values	1
's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins	1
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality	1
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners	0
, can not overcome blah characters	0
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party	0
tackles more than she can handle	0
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :	1
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	0
the magic that made it all work	1
particularly funny	1
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution	1
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker	0
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level	0
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up	1
if each watered down the version of the one before	0
sharp	1
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
strong piece of work	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks	1
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed	0
captures a life interestingly lived	1
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
that it 's inauthentic at its core	0
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental	1
pat storylines	0
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	1
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	0
, we never really get inside of them .	0
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair	1
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin	1
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .	0
very humble	1
off-kilter dialogue	0
of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films	0
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here	0
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come	1
is , as comedy goes ,	1
are very , very good reasons	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team	1
, surprising romance	1
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies	1
hates	0
research library dust	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	1
especially disappointing	0
may not add up to the sum of its parts	0
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship	0
supposed to be a romantic comedy	0
astonishingly pivotal	1
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .	0
do the genial-rogue shtick to death	0
auteuil is a goofy pleasure	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,	1
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence	1
cinematic intoxication	1
reasonably creative eighth-grader	0
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop	0
is more fully	1
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	0
makes little attempt	0
modestly made	1
high drama , disney-style	1
sad to say	0
sadistic bike flick	0
an attention to detail	1
war	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '	0
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill	1
without much interest in the elizabethans	0
in private	1
out on video before month 's end	0
( a ) satisfying niblet	1
overplayed and exaggerated	0
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace	1
, dopey old	0
intelligent and	1
those famous moments	1
a bunch of talented thesps	1
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense	1
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you	1
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes	0
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film	1
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh	1
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture	1
more than a whiff	1
completely creatively stillborn	0
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,	1
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters	0
borrows from other movies	0
even more remarkable	1
decent tv outing	1
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger	1
miracles	1
the hearts and minds	1
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,	0
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	1
wreckage	0
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year	0
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	1
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist	1
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .	0
flawed	0
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
sappy	0
here leaves a lot to be desired	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and	0
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated	0
this insipid , brutally clueless film	0
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but	1
creative interference	1
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
while failing to find a spark of its own	0
reading lines from a teleprompter	0
her grace with a moving camera	1
is just the point	1
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except	0
flat-out amusing ,	1
is not	0
... a confusing drudgery .	0
exactly how bad it is	0
too many wrong turns	0
every articulate player	1
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	0
the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances	1
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad	0
kirkegaard	1
too bad .	0
it is unwavering and arresting	1
the lord	1
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	0
messy	0
a celebration	1
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses	0
a freshly painted rembrandt	1
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble	1
overflowing	1
characteristically startling visual style and	1
of the insurance actuary	1
the day-old shelf	0
inventive ,	1
an amusing little catch	1
humor in i spy is so anemic .	0
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression	1
buoyant , expressive	1
informative ,	1
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits	1
offers few surprises	0
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure	0
larger-than-life figure	1
very bright	1
good race	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and	0
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	0
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,	1
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
pummel us with phony imagery or music	0
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``	0
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films	1
have a bad , bad , bad movie	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...	0
manages sweetness largely without stickiness	1
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors	0
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny	0
privy to	1
flat as thinking man	0
the film is essentially juiceless .	0
cliches and pabulum	0
warm your heart	1
its many excesses	0
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
thriller as lazy	0
that came to define a generation	1
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot	0
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can	1
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome	0
an intense experience	1
of eager fans	1
stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	0
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman	1
dough from baby boomer families	0
unusual power	1
making kahlo 's art a living ,	1
, it offers hope	1
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,	0
get on a board and , uh , shred ,	0
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	0
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery	0
, the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
made watchable by a bravura performance	1
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
reprehensible	0
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
ultimately empty examination	0
wrong reasons	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive	0
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
tired , unimaginative and derivative	0
rush	0
more interesting -- and	1
most magical and	1
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied	0
loose , unaccountable	0
, biting and witty feature	1
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious	0
marvelously entertaining	1
do n't really care for the candidate	0
stays close to the ground	1
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film	1
serene	1
in a class with spike lee 's masterful	1
look so bad in a major movie	0
early work	1
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir	1
scenery , vibe	1
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects	0
asian neo-realist treasure .	1
that few movies are able to accomplish	1
hilarious dialogue	1
strung-together moments	0
is polanski 's best film	1
sixties ' rockumentary milestones	1
clever and subtle	1
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine	0
uninspired preachy and clichéd war	0
mostly fool 's gold	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and	1
material this rich it does n't need it	1
, unconvincing dramatics	0
a stale copy	0
they sometimes still can be made	1
omnibus tradition	1
competent , unpretentious	1
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie	0
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	0
, sad dance	0
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	1
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices	1
bad name	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and	1
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art	0
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit	1
that is the central flaw of the film	0
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works	1
to enjoy	1
high-octane	1
of nearly epic proportions	1
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona	0
some savvy producer	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most	1
asylum material	0
the film is well worthwhile .	1
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust	1
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking	1
really a thriller so much	1
jfk conspiracy nuts	0
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans	1
a dentist drill	0
it has considerable charm .	1
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn	1
that makes the formula fresh again	1
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins	0
a terrific performance	1
this stinker	0
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking	0
hit you from the first scene	1
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness	0
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful	0
wiseman is patient and	1
the , yes , snail-like pacing and	0
casts its spooky net	1
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense	0
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	1
the gifted pearce	1
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy	1
this dog of a movie	0
this is n't worth sitting through	0
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
ghetto fabulousness	1
contemptible imitator	0
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm	1
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing	1
true-to-life characters	1
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	1
do with imagination	1
sleek	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	0
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street	0
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
its passages of sensitive observation	1
one of the best movies of the year .	1
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope	1
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy	0
zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
pleasant distraction	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work	1
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick	1
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media	1
touching drama	1
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay	0
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel	0
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation	1
warmed up to him	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then	1
, it 's still not a good movie	0
clever and cutting	1
phenomenal	1
indignation	0
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '	1
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films	0
you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
turmoil	0
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
point at things that explode into flame	0
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
entertains	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment	0
is a gory slash-fest	0
is both stimulating and demanding .	1
a good ear for dialogue ,	1
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	0
mr. polanski is in his element here	1
someone other than the director	0
aimless ,	0
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
absorbing	1
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do	0
terminally bland , painfully slow and	0
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp	0
the human story is pushed to one side	0
depressingly	0
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years	1
rock-solid gangster movie	1
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs	0
his dependence on slapstick	0
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	0
seems worth the effort .	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries	1
with strange and wonderful creatures	1
corny conventions	0
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet	0
no foundation	0
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent	0
shiner	1
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and	0
hackneyed and meanspirited	0
, plodding picture	0
susan sarandon	1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
unique feel	1
racism	0
recommend it enough	1
so spot on	1
broadcast	1
his most personal	1
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down	1
have an original bone in his body	0
's simply unbearable	0
that steal your heart away	1
